Tim Sackton: Let us begin
Tim Sackton: up in the cold, wild north of
Tim Sackton: Earth Square. Spring comes late.
Tim Sackton: As you leave the watchers spire, a light snow begins to fall from the overcast sky.
Tim Sackton: But to the south
Tim Sackton: what is that?
Tim Sackton: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: Terry Pratchett style, bit.
Tim Sackton: No wrong.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Continue.
Tim Sackton: A light snow begins to fall from the overcast sky, but to the south and the west, in the more hospitable lands of the green sea, and beyond spring
Tim Sackton: has common full force in Poland. The trees are in bloom
Tim Sackton: as the warm winds blow off the western gulf, and the markets bustle with the early season trade
Tim Sackton: in Chardon an unseasonable heat wave lies heavy on the city, bringing short tempers and oppressive miasma.
Tim Sackton: Tension rises, and the Legion is out in force, keeping the peace. As the city waits for the spring rains
Tim Sackton: in Tokra, the temple conclave begins to gather as priests travel from across Dunmar to settle the matter of the Nayan succession admits the oppressive heat of high summer
Tim Sackton: somewhere.
Tim Sackton: and the note
Tim Sackton: Faldrick pirates Vindersharna hopefully to quiet and safe ends
Tim Sackton: back at the Silver Wolf in, cut off from the news of the outside world, and still with a few more days to wait
Tim Sackton: till you get your letters of transit
Tim Sackton: you find a pleased Roman who has scoured the market for anyone who might be willing to bring magic items to trade, and he lists a number of choices for you while serving your lunch
Tim Sackton: in a private corner of the end.
Tim Sackton: with decisions ahead about how to approach the upcoming negotiations with the Rodney Vorkaz. Once you get permission to travel.
Tim Sackton: you settle into a simple lunch of venison, jerky, wrinkled apples, hard cheese, and rye bread to discuss.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: just as a
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: at some point you'll have to decide how you wanna travel across Ersk.
Tim Sackton: On the other hand,
Tim Sackton: you've got a few days in
Tim Sackton: Verbenka.
Tim Sackton: You don't expect to get your letters of transit till Sunday, so it's Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday. You've got 3 and a half days, or something.
Tim Sackton: If there's anything you want to do in town.
Mike Sackton: Can you, just on the map remind us where we're going from into.
Tim Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: yeah, you are
Tim Sackton: here.
Tim Sackton: Sort of right at this curve of the of the river cap. This is the.
Mike Sackton: Kind of near that lake, but not
Mike Sackton: yeah. Down river of the lake.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: you are going roughly here
Tim Sackton: here. Maybe I can mark this.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's pretty far.
Mike Sackton: Like 300. That is pretty far. It's like 300 miles.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so you basically.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you're basically going from the eastern border to the western border.
Tim Sackton: You have. You have essentially 2 travel choices you can make
Tim Sackton: if you just take the direct route like 300 ish miles.
Tim Sackton: there's no real. There's no maintained roads. Right? You're gonna be
Tim Sackton: tromping through the mud and the foothills and the forest eaves.
Tim Sackton: But it's a fairly direct route
Tim Sackton: you could go. There is a road
Tim Sackton: that goes
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: let me roughly draw it.
Tim Sackton: That goes basically from
Tim Sackton: that's way too thick.
Tim Sackton: That basically goes from
Tim Sackton: Zerban. Got
Tim Sackton: like this.
Tim Sackton: And then like that.
Tim Sackton: So this here
Tim Sackton: is Vedmacov. It's the
Tim Sackton: home base of the watchers.
Tim Sackton: And the and then the road ends. At this agricultural city of Yom, Gov. On this river.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mmm.
Tim Sackton: So it's more mileage. But you'd be traveling.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I think it's worth taking
Mike Sackton: some.
Mike Sackton: We don't have to decide right now is take a day. Ask around town.
Mike Sackton: I I sort of feel like people might
Mike Sackton: know us a little bit now, at some level, right like
Mike Sackton: we, we. We have to be semi-famous, right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, definitely.
Mike Sackton: you know. And
Mike Sackton: I mean, why don't we tell Roman that we're heading to this
Mike Sackton: billet, this other town right
Mike Sackton: that we've been granted letters, and we're we're
Mike Sackton: letters of transit, and we're we're heading
Mike Sackton: at.
Mike Sackton: I wouldn't even have to. I don't know if we wanna keep secret where we're going. We could even say we're just
Mike Sackton: on business of
Mike Sackton: mysterious business, right? Heading towards
Mike Sackton: what's the city of the watchers?
Tim Sackton: Edmuakov.
Mike Sackton: We could. We could start with that right on. Mysterious, you know, on, on
Mike Sackton: closed business. We're heading to Venmof.
Kate Sackton: Well do we want to go to Vennoc.
Mike Sackton: Well, we're going to go right past it.
Kate Sackton: Well.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or art.
Kate Sackton: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: We.
Kate Sackton: Is it worth taking the knot road just to stay a good
Kate Sackton: 50 miles away from Bedbook.
Mike Sackton: No, I don't. I don't think so.
Mike Sackton: We we have official permission right.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's true.
Mike Sackton: We're not doing. We're we're like, we have like actual letters that actually tell us that we're actually allowed to do this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like coordinates.
Eric Rosenbaum: We are masking our identities to some degree, though.
Mike Sackton: Barely.
Eric Rosenbaum: And maybe that doesn't even matter. That's interesting.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: that would stop masking his identity at all.
Mike Sackton: I mean, he's not saying he's not telling the exact, honest truth about his entire past. But he's not actually masking his identity.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right. What are the hazards of the road versus hazards of.
Tim Sackton: Why don't we
Eric Rosenbaum: Underness.
Tim Sackton: Why don't we try and have this conversation instead of Meta, like slight semi in character.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: We're all sitting around lunch, you know. You have permission to go.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: the
Mike Sackton: we should.
Mike Sackton: We should at least find out
Mike Sackton: how people would suggest we get there.
Mike Sackton: Is the road safe? Is it
Mike Sackton: dangerous? Is it snowy and difficult to travel at this time of year? Right? We don't have to take the road
Mike Sackton: or bio dude.
Kate Sackton: Usually travel. The wilds are there horses and carriages, or sleds, or
Kate Sackton: I mean, whenever.
Mike Sackton: Yeah? Or do people travel like we could? Secondarily, we could try and just be curious about
Mike Sackton: Ersk.
Mike Sackton: right? Do people even live?
Mike Sackton: Are there any people there, or is it just empty land.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like, How does Barkaldi travel? Also?
Kate Sackton: Are monsters that we might want to fight and get more bits of them to take where we're going to. The next place.
Mike Sackton: Right. Is there a border?
Mike Sackton: Is there some line where, if we cross it, we're allowed to use magic again, or is it just vague right. All these sort of.
Mike Sackton: we should ask right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Don't talk about that part too loud.
Mike Sackton: They know we are magical.
Mike Sackton: never hit that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Suppose that's true.
Kate Sackton: There was the whole tattoo, and.
Mike Sackton: We are not breaking any rules here.
Mike Sackton: They seem
Mike Sackton: willing to trust that.
Mike Sackton: willing to accept that some people have magic as long as we sensibly don't use it.
Mike Sackton: It seems worth
Mike Sackton: out
Mike Sackton: putting out stories and learning more about this place before we make any decisions.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: But going overland seems
Mike Sackton: cool, hearty to me.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could also take a boat down the river.
Eric Rosenbaum: sail around
Eric Rosenbaum: to another river.
Mike Sackton: I was gonna ask that actually.
Tim Sackton: You can't take a boat down the river right now. It's full of ice.
Eric Rosenbaum: A.
Tim Sackton: It's actually the worst time to travel in the river, because the ice is thinning and starting to break up
Tim Sackton: so you can't take a sledge.
Tim Sackton: but it hasn't fully broken, so you can't
Tim Sackton: take a boat.
Mike Sackton: Is there any signs of docs or anything like this in this? I mean, is this.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, yeah, there's like, yeah, it's a fairly big timber port. There's like timber warehouses. And
Tim Sackton: I mean, it's sort of Martian.
Tim Sackton: There's also like furriers. So it's sort of smelly down by the river. But there's definitely docks. It's just everything's frozen in right now. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: in in 2 months
Tim Sackton: it would be
Tim Sackton: a fair bit of ship traffic going down river.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, let's investigate the road route.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Let's ask Roman
Mike Sackton: tonight at dinner
Mike Sackton: or this afternoon, like the next time there's a convenient opportunity.
Eric Rosenbaum: Need to rent a giant just land ship.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The opportunity
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like a cart and horses.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But the the opportunity to travel through Earth to take the road from one side of the country to the other, like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): how many people get to do this? That that would be fair. That'd be a vacation.
Mike Sackton: That clay.
Mike Sackton: and we might wanna stock up right. We can't use magic.
Mike Sackton: you know. You might want to actually like, buy food.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, that's right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. You raise a good point.
Eric Rosenbaum: Look at what?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Press stellar.
Mike Sackton: I don't know if hunting's allowed. It's a good question.
Eric Rosenbaum: What what troubles are we gonna run into.
Mike Sackton: And I and I, normally, as an aside. Normally I send them magical links out to hunt for us.
Mike Sackton: but I'm not sure that's allowed here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we have someone who's very good with the bow.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Guys, I
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I missed Baxter.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We miss him too.
Mike Sackton: We could. We could get them.
Tim Sackton: Is he in the mirror, or is he? On the ninth? I thought he was on Vidasharna, keeping an eye on everybody.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sharing for me.
Mike Sackton: I guess it would be kind of a pain to go back to vintage art.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And if we took him who would watch out for Vidroshana.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the teamwork? No.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Kate Sackton: Well.
Mike Sackton: 10.
Kate Sackton: Was.
Mike Sackton: Should we like? I guess.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I think.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We should get worse. Yeah, I mean horses and provisions right?
Tim Sackton: So Roman comes over to clear your plates.
Tim Sackton: clean up the lunch dishes.
Mike Sackton: I wanna like. Just ask them the sort of
Mike Sackton: what I said before the the I forget the name of the city. What was it. The watchers, one for.
Tim Sackton: Dev Macarth.
Mike Sackton: Venkov.
Mike Sackton: you know. How would you get that like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, what's what's.
Mike Sackton: Road like
Mike Sackton: if we're we're heading near vending.
Kate Sackton: Ted Mccabe. And what would it be like going north of the forest.
Kate Sackton: or do we not even care what it would be like? I mean, I'd like to know what people say about going on.
Mike Sackton: Dealt with is asking Roman
Mike Sackton: dealt with is asking Roman
Mike Sackton: telling sort of a story a hypothetical about. If we had business near Venmof, how would you? How would we get there? And like asking questions like, Is it safe? And
Mike Sackton: how's the roads? And is there a road and
Mike Sackton: get out.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. So so Roman, I mean, he gives you the basic one on the land. It's it's
Tim Sackton: the beginning of mud season. So
Tim Sackton: the rivers are. The ice is starting to melt the the the snow is starting to melt, especially in the valleys, the roads okay. It's possible.
Tim Sackton: The the road from here to Vegov is well is pretty well maintained, and actually, he says, as far as as far west as Yam Gov.
Tim Sackton: The road is, is reasonably well maintained
Tim Sackton: at
Tim Sackton: all the tracks to the little villages. Just mud, mud, mud, mud, mud, mud.
Tim Sackton: It's gonna take you days
Tim Sackton: to trudge unless you go up to the foothills, where every the ground still frozen.
Kate Sackton: Up the what.
Tim Sackton: Up into the foothills, where the ground is still frozen.
Mike Sackton: Wait now I'm confused. I was only asking him about the road.
Tim Sackton: Oh, well, yes, okay. The road is well maintained all the way to Yom. Gov.
Kate Sackton: But don't try to go off on any little paths towards.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, exactly right like, stick to the road.
Tim Sackton: because the little tracks that lead off to the small farming villages in the river valleys are just mud, mud, mud, mud, mud, mud, mud.
Mike Sackton: I mean what
Mike Sackton: you know.
Mike Sackton: I'll ask him.
Mike Sackton: Could could he help us?
Mike Sackton: Outfit a
Mike Sackton: some horses, and you know it? Do people travel in groups? Is it safe to travel on our own? Do we have to worry about things? Crossing the border?
Mike Sackton: Is, you know, is there some
Mike Sackton: area where it's safe or not safe, is there? You know.
Tim Sackton: So how do? Spouse is quite safe?
Tim Sackton: the.
Tim Sackton: Of course, if you're heading towards Vedmakhoff, the watchers patrol.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm! But.
Tim Sackton: The further south you get the safer. The country is you're going in the right direction. If you want safety.
Tim Sackton: it's only up here on the frontier. We've got to worry about these things.
Tim Sackton: and the aspire.
Eric Rosenbaum: Either any good.
Kate Sackton: Across through the frozen foothill foothills. If they're looking for
Kate Sackton: encounters with creatures.
Tim Sackton: Oh, you'd have to go far north. The scene
Tim Sackton: any sorts of dangers, if you, if you stay on the southern edge of the mountains.
Tim Sackton: It's pretty safe
Tim Sackton: except with the snow melt. Now you're gonna be walking through Miles mud
Tim Sackton: unless you really go up into the mountains where it's still winter.
Eric Rosenbaum: Move.
Eric Rosenbaum: starting to kind of
Eric Rosenbaum: traffic of
Eric Rosenbaum: raid caravans or other
Eric Rosenbaum: larger groups
Eric Rosenbaum: on the road.
Tim Sackton: Oh, of course, I mean.
Tim Sackton: who do you think? Selling you your magic items?
Tim Sackton: It's probably a caravan leaving on Sunday with every with your dragon
Tim Sackton: hide heading south.
Eric Rosenbaum: What about bandits?
Tim Sackton: I'll make this.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's being waylaid on the road.
Eric Rosenbaum: No
Eric Rosenbaum: men.
Tim Sackton: None.
Tim Sackton: none that I've heard of.
Tim Sackton: at least not
Tim Sackton: at least not on this on the road between here and
Tim Sackton: then look off you go west. All bets are off.
Eric Rosenbaum: Suppose it's it's well watched around here.
Tim Sackton: Don't want to get too close to the borders of
Tim Sackton: Western borders.
Tim Sackton: What with.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here.
Tim Sackton: Aye
Tim Sackton: have too many lists here.
Tim Sackton: Roger Vaughan, glar.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or what is that?
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Haven't
Tim Sackton: heard of the shadowy kingdom to the west.
Tim Sackton: Giant bots that sometimes.
Mike Sackton: Poke, seeker.
Tim Sackton: Radar borders.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have heard rumors of that.
Eric Rosenbaum: How? How giant is a giant that really.
Eric Rosenbaum: my man.
Tim Sackton: E.
Tim Sackton: Fortunately I've never seen one.
Tim Sackton: A
Tim Sackton: rumors, say
Tim Sackton: 15 foot wingspan.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And is too big.
Mike Sackton: That's.
Eric Rosenbaum: That is uncomfortably large.
Mike Sackton: Correct, correct, alright.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's it's true.
Tim Sackton: That's 10. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: In in groups.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: when there's 10 of them it doesn't seem so small.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They swarm.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. West of west of Yamb. Things things get Dicey.
Kate Sackton: Oh, West!
Tim Sackton: Stick to stick to the civilized East.
Mike Sackton: Which one which town was yam golf is that the one.
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: that's where the road ends right here.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we're, in other words, we're going west of Yangva.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Mike Sackton: Good to know.
Mike Sackton: Is there
Mike Sackton: plentiful ins and places to stay on the road? Do we need to bring our own food.
Tim Sackton: Once you cross the river.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: the central artery that runs east to west from the river to Yom.
Tim Sackton: Well supplied.
Tim Sackton: The roots the root
Tim Sackton: here south to the Zoo City
Tim Sackton: on the border.
Tim Sackton: I should have made up a few more names, slightly less.
Tim Sackton: I would. I would bring surprise in the first 2 or 3 days. If I were you most caravans.
Tim Sackton: although I'm sure you could find a caravan to travel with if you're interested.
Tim Sackton: there's they leave almost every other day heading south. Well.
Tim Sackton: the days after the markets, Sunday, Monday.
Tim Sackton: Thursday, Friday.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps.
Mike Sackton: you could help make introductions for us. We'd want to travel with
Mike Sackton: the best, of course.
Tim Sackton: Wow!
Tim Sackton: Who are so armed?
Tim Sackton: Think on that
Tim Sackton: there should be at least 2. When are you planning on leaving.
Mike Sackton: As soon as our goods are sold and
Mike Sackton: our travel pass comes in, which we expect to be on Sunday.
Tim Sackton: So you'd probably wanna leave with a caravan first first light Monday.
Mike Sackton: As long as our papers come in time. Yes.
Tim Sackton: I'll ask around.
Mike Sackton: Appreciate him.
Tim Sackton: And's
Tim Sackton: tend to travel
Tim Sackton: at a relaxed pace.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps it's worth considering
Eric Rosenbaum: buying or or renting a
Eric Rosenbaum: you know
Eric Rosenbaum: our own equipment, horses and wagons, and so forth.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're used to traveling comfortably so.
Eric Rosenbaum: and we'll be.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Versus eventually, right.
Mike Sackton: We? We? We would like. Yes, we would, of course, like our own horses and supplies.
Tim Sackton: Denver!
Mike Sackton: 2 weeks on the road. In in case we get separated
Mike Sackton: we would. We would need that, of course, and.
Eric Rosenbaum: For some reason.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Best place to acquire horses, or are there other towns for their
Kate Sackton: along where
Kate Sackton: there'd be more available.
Tim Sackton: I will be honest
Tim Sackton: this time of year. It's gonna be slim pickings for horses anywhere.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: I'll make inquiries.
Tim Sackton: It's almost always something that can be found.
Mike Sackton: Are
Mike Sackton: we would prefer
Mike Sackton: what? What can be purchased?
Mike Sackton: Don't hesitate to
Mike Sackton: try to say it hints that we don't have a particularly, we have a generous budget.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: you get, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Plus. Of course he's gonna give us, you know, a discount cause he thinks we're great, and I'll hint that, too.
Tim Sackton: Implies
Tim Sackton: 2 weeks of food.
Mike Sackton: Injured.
Tim Sackton: And introduction to somebody leaving on Monday morning.
Tim Sackton: I will, I will make inquiries.
Mike Sackton: that that's all I wanted. I mean.
Mike Sackton: I don't need that. I also I would like to
Mike Sackton: separately. I want to
Mike Sackton: ask actually, if
Mike Sackton: how did we leave it with the watcher? Warmen? Person?
Mike Sackton: Is she the one who's giving us our trap wake, or we can have another opportunity to talk to her.
Tim Sackton: Yes, she is. Gonna summon you when the travel, when the letters of transit are ready to give them to you.
Mike Sackton: I have a few questions I won't ask her.
Tim Sackton: So you finish your meal and your conversation, and make arrangements with Roman for the magic items that you requested, plus the
Tim Sackton: potion of gaseous form which will come stoppered and sealed, so you won't be able to use it for 10 days after it's been purchased.
Kate Sackton: Theory! There, that'll get you out of the borders of Earth.
Tim Sackton: Theory is that most people who come most foreigners who buy goods in earth
Tim Sackton: on a 10 day visa.
Tim Sackton: That's the link visas. So if you come in in the morning and buy a
Tim Sackton: buy potions, if some Argaldi, you know, comes in and buys potions on a Saturday morning
Tim Sackton: the longest they can stay in. The city
Tim Sackton: is 10 days.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Tim Sackton: And it's rare enough for people to get letters of transit to go on further, that nobody really just worries.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: If there's any other. If you wanna role, play anything else in the city, if you wanna, you know, wander around, I'm happy to do that. Otherwise we can just
Tim Sackton: skip ahead to
Tim Sackton: meeting with the watcher when you get your transit papers. If there's any
Tim Sackton: gong has all the toys today, if there's any information you want to gather
Tim Sackton: just by, you know, asking for rumors or anything like that, can also do that.
Mike Sackton: How many we have like 3 or 4 nights.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you've got
Tim Sackton: wet. It's you know. Wednesday.
Tim Sackton: you've got
Tim Sackton: Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday. You've got 4 nights before you before you're hoping to speak with the watcher again.
Mike Sackton: I don't necessarily wanna role, play it all out. But
Mike Sackton: I do want to kind of imply to Roman that we would be happy to have
Mike Sackton: to have dining right like, you know. I I'd like to meet some people right that we could ask questions of about the
Mike Sackton: you know.
Kate Sackton: Part of the problem with asking Roman to organize everything for us is that we could just sit here and not talk to a soul except Roman. I would rather ask Roman like.
Kate Sackton: you know, you're probably gonna introduce this to the best, the best. But could you introduce us more broadly so we could seem to be shopping around for a caravan and meet these people who
Kate Sackton: could tell us their travel tales.
Kate Sackton: We'll definitely take your
Kate Sackton: advice as to.
Kate Sackton: you know.
Kate Sackton: who did
Kate Sackton: form the closest bonds with. But we're curious to sort of
Kate Sackton: interact more broadly with
Kate Sackton: with
Kate Sackton: people who've traveled Ersk.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think right, and I think well, be too like just to take an interest in, like what is the culture of the place, and without praying for information, what
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): what do we notice, and what emerges, and what
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): what can we sort of glean?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not that we, I think we even need that like directly from you, Tim, but
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like that would be a few days well spent. I think.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Okay. So so let's do this over the next. You know, you conclude your business with Roman. You
Tim Sackton: you know
Tim Sackton: he's he's clear. I mean, he's
Tim Sackton: he's invested in kind of making you the stars of his in right like he's.
Tim Sackton: you know, getting, you know, tons of people are. You're definitely
Tim Sackton: now, having been in town only even only a couple of days.
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: Rumors are spreading about how long it took you to get, you know to seal your magic items before going into the watchers tower like
Tim Sackton: just like we open
Tim Sackton: stories of your
Tim Sackton: prowess are spreading. And so, of course, there's lots of curious onlookers, but you also have time to sort of
Tim Sackton: wander
Tim Sackton: round, wander the town.
Tim Sackton: and you know I'll just give you a little vibes base overview. And if you wanna like, stop and talk to anybody or poke anywhere over the course of the next few days.
Tim Sackton: So I mean, you get a sense like. So I think I sort of described this before. But the town's on a hill that slow or not really a hill, but a slope that rises up from the cat.
Tim Sackton: and the
Tim Sackton: the down by the river is is marshy.
Tim Sackton: damp, and cold.
Tim Sackton: There's not. There's a wall. On you know all of the Non River sides of the
Tim Sackton: city, but the there's not a wall along the river itself. There's the gatehouse, and there's a wall on the far bank.
Tim Sackton: let's pull up our
Tim Sackton: random citizen here.
Tim Sackton: And there is a sense that you know the the lower city down along the Ket is poorer and tends to be where many of the Noah live.
Tim Sackton: It's cold and damp in the winter, and hot, and presumably hot and buggy in the summer.
Tim Sackton: There's like the major thoroughfare that runs from the gates up to the market, which is on the height of land.
Tim Sackton: But there's also a bunch of timber yards and warehouses where there's a fair bit of logging, because you're right on the eaves of the woods.
Tim Sackton: All of this timber is just waiting to be shipped down river to
Tim Sackton: port south. The the main base of the Erskine navy is sort of down this river. So
Tim Sackton: And there's also, you know, again.
Tim Sackton: you get the sense that a lot of the sort of lower city is
Tim Sackton: just really quiet in the winter, because there's no activity. The timber yards are nobody's.
Tim Sackton: People are cutting trees because you can haul them across the snow. But right now is the worst of anything, because
Tim Sackton: nothing's frozen enough to drag over land, and nothing's melted enough to float. So everything is just sort of stopped.
Tim Sackton: There's also like the the fur trade down here like this is. This is the part of the city that's kind of isolated from the
Tim Sackton: and the monster trade, whereas the
Tim Sackton: the sort of rich part of the city. The upper city is dominated by
Tim Sackton: the watchers spire which you've been in and stretches high. But there's also the the great market hall is this huge timber
Tim Sackton: building.
Tim Sackton: In the center of this of a big plaza.
Tim Sackton: Where you know this is where all of the
Tim Sackton: monster parts are sold and traded, and where you buy magic items.
Tim Sackton: huge act, huge amount of activity on Wednesdays and Saturdays.
Tim Sackton: substantial, especially this time of year, substantially quieter on
Tim Sackton: other days of the week.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm just gonna do like a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: from my, you know, like soul sites normally like you focus in on one thing. And kinda
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm gonna do like a course like crowd soul site. Just sort of like, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: does this feel like just like a pretty typical, you know, kind of market crowd, or is there like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: anything
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: odd, strange in particular.
Tim Sackton: No, it's a pretty. I mean, this is a
Tim Sackton: it's. It's a market like any other market, right? Like there's what's what's unusual about it is what's being sold right? I mean, you don't typically see
Tim Sackton: the jaw of a white dragon being dragged by 4 people across a you know a snowy plaza to be
Tim Sackton: sold in a giant.
Tim Sackton: You know. Timber framed market haul right. But
Tim Sackton: other than that sort of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I mean.
Tim Sackton: Strangeness in that sense.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But isn't that? Is that drawing any particularly weird people? That is, that like drawing any like, you know, kind of unusual energy books that are like, you know.
Tim Sackton: I mean, sure there's all sorts that
Tim Sackton: that travel and there are. I mean while you've drawn the most kind of attention because
Tim Sackton: of the especially the unusual fact that you know it's a
Tim Sackton: 2 dwarves and an elf who are here with their Vargaldi guides, supposedly, who also seem to be quite powerful in their own right.
Tim Sackton: You know there's other other travelers who come.
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: mostly other Vargaldi who.
Tim Sackton: you know, have been hunting in the north and and bring various
Tim Sackton: bits of treasures. It's it's rare for what's unusual about you and what seems like the vibe that you get from exploring the market is usually there's not.
Tim Sackton: Usually there's not like, you know, the famous monster hunter brings their goods to market.
Tim Sackton: The much more typical thing is that you know these things will collect in various Vargaldi
Tim Sackton: tribes, and then the Vargaldi merchants will take goods into town.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Got it.
Tim Sackton: That's kind of like the vision you saw in the in the mirror
Tim Sackton: a long time ago in Poland. Right? Was a more of a trade network like that. So you like, you're definitely sucking up a lot of the energy in towns right now, because of the sort of
Tim Sackton: what's very unusual about you is like the famous hunter brought their own goods to market, is sort of.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna let everybody else sort of do the wandering around and talking to the
Mike Sackton: lower class folk, you know, sort of talking to the more common people. I want to find out if there's any way like
Mike Sackton: subtly. But I would like to
Mike Sackton: meet, if possible, anybody who's a member of any of the rod. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: I'm just.
Mike Sackton: Like does that? Do they? Does anybody who is of Rodney ever show up? And Romans in?
Mike Sackton: I'll express curiosity. If not.
Mike Sackton: huh! I've heard like again, subtly, not gonna like outright ask, Hey, can you arrange an invitation?
Mike Sackton: But I want to play on Roman sense that
Mike Sackton: you can do stuff.
Mike Sackton: He's a powerful power broker. He can make things happen.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, there are
Tim Sackton: there are definitely like.
Tim Sackton: so
Tim Sackton: I think the you know, maybe the
Tim Sackton: they definitely travel around right, like the the people who are
Tim Sackton: the the way the
Tim Sackton: and you know you hear this sort of from Roman, right? It's like
Tim Sackton: there's lots of people who are sort of, you know, maybe loosely
Tim Sackton: pledge to Irania. But don't
Tim Sackton: any real power. There's sort of it's almost like a political party, right like somebody might call it's, but it's not like a political party, but it has that sort of somebody might call themselves.
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: a a member of the of Faulkners, or whatever not because they have any.
Tim Sackton: It doesn't mean that they have any connection to
Tim Sackton: anybody who is important. It's like, you know, you might say you're a Democrat, but that doesn't actually mean anything right like you can't. Doesn't mean you can.
Tim Sackton: You can just wildly speculate about anything you want. That's the sort of typical way that most people
Tim Sackton: most people interact
Tim Sackton: with the with the Rodney and lots. There's lots of people who aren't affiliated right? Like not everybody is, is sort of
Tim Sackton: the only people who are
Tim Sackton: who are sort of
Tim Sackton: the the Rodney themselves are quite secretive about
Tim Sackton: what the sort of inner membership actually is. But the one thing that is abundantly clear is that everybody who's a sort of inner member has at least some
Tim Sackton: low-level arcane magic ability.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: And there, are you people like that around right? That's.
Mike Sackton: The kind of person I'd like to.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Speaker is also interested.
Mike Sackton: But
Mike Sackton: actually
Mike Sackton: happy to play, I mean. Yes, I'd like to meet somebody like that.
Mike Sackton: But even
Mike Sackton: if the conversation comes up, you know.
Mike Sackton: is anybody pledged to fuck? Not, you know.
Mike Sackton: Anybody who says they're a member of the of the
Mike Sackton: Bakdas
Mike Sackton: Rodney, like even just idly right, are they, if not like. If if
Mike Sackton: you know, are all 8 Rodney
Mike Sackton: talked about here like like, is it? Is it almost all one of them?
Mike Sackton: You know what's the kind of.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: at?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, okay. So you you get, you get a few, a few sort of
Tim Sackton: sort of rough ideas right? Like, it's definitely not
Tim Sackton: not even
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: I'm after a couple of things. One is, if it seems like nobody is a member of vocners
Mike Sackton: given where the that we are supposedly going to help them. I'd like to find out why not?
Mike Sackton: Right? If there are people who are member of Mock. Yes, I'd like to find out.
Mike Sackton: Why, why are you a member? You know. Why, what's good about them? Right.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: But on top of all of that I'm trying not to make it obvious that, you know dealt with us to sort of layer all that in a mix of asking lots of questions about lots of the, you know. Just curiosity about the Rodney general, and just conversation right? Like
Mike Sackton: trying to learn stuff in the kind of
Mike Sackton: hey? Wait, are you curious about an Alf? Let's talk about and ask subtle questions, to try and draw out information.
Tim Sackton: So so okay, so you get a few
Tim Sackton: a a few sort of bits of of
Tim Sackton: kind of vibes that you pick up one is that it's very, you know. There's 8 or supposedly 8
Tim Sackton: very uneven right? Almost nobody is the the ones you hear. The most are Kinzel, Talnore.
Tim Sackton: and Zora on
Tim Sackton: There's a few scatters more a mere
Tim Sackton: Maura's, Maura's mir
Tim Sackton: nivek
Tim Sackton: Rousseau.
Tim Sackton: you do hear? Vocnaz comes up, but it seems like Vocnaz is like, really
Tim Sackton: th. There's something that like it's not entirely clear exactly what happened. But there.
Tim Sackton: nobody's really willing to be publicly affiliated with them right now they seem to be super disgraced, or
Tim Sackton: Patton.
Tim Sackton: There was apparently some
Tim Sackton: dragon attack lasts winter that they botched.
Tim Sackton: that they led the defense of and botched, and so they're kind of.
Tim Sackton: Ria at the moment.
Tim Sackton: The details are a little bit unclear, like you hear a variety of different rumors like they.
Tim Sackton: You know.
Tim Sackton: the the leader of the of Rodney Volk as
Tim Sackton: failed to kill the dragon or the leader of the
Tim Sackton: Rodney vocals was killed by the dragon or
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: Rania vocas. Let somebody, you know, let a trader lead the
Tim Sackton: fight against the dragon because they were not careful, and Annoya, who who had never
Tim Sackton: actually, you know, pledge to Ersk
Tim Sackton: or
Tim Sackton: you know
Tim Sackton: they gambled. Every you know Rodney Voik has. Vocnaz gambled everything on a frontal attack instead of defense, and
Tim Sackton: you know, had to be saved by
Tim Sackton: 2 other
Tim Sackton: powerful with its
Tim Sackton: confused rumors like this, but it seems they were involved in some
Tim Sackton: bales.
Tim Sackton: some something went wrong, some dragon defensive. Ersk against dragons went wrong last winter.
Tim Sackton: and it's being
Tim Sackton: almost entirely blamed on Vagna's
Tim Sackton: And the other thing is, you get this, you hear, like everybody
Tim Sackton: talks about marismir, as like.
Tim Sackton: you know, they're the they're the. They're the the like really weird ones, like they're the
Tim Sackton: not exactly conspiracy theorists. But, like.
Tim Sackton: you know, you have to be
Tim Sackton: the especially like, in order to so so-called advance among the Rodney Mursmir
Tim Sackton: like requires a
Tim Sackton: twisty mind that sees the world differently.
Mike Sackton: Okay, the I'm just rereading the Philosopher's Guild note about
Mike Sackton: fucking as.
Mike Sackton: Oh.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Put that link in chat, Luke.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Ask a smash.
Mike Sackton: I sorry I'm I'm actually I'm reading it on
Mike Sackton: Bab.
Tim Sackton: I got it.
Mike Sackton: You have it, Tim.
Mike Sackton: I'm reading it it just in obsidian.
Mike Sackton: I mean it mentions this person artem novo last novo. Zach.
Tim Sackton: Who well be remembers
Tim Sackton: he was the wizard who fought against the abolith of you
Tim Sackton: when you were on the Eastern Isles.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): right?
Mike Sackton: Should we try and find out if he's involved? Somehow?
Mike Sackton: I mean the philosophers, Guild SIM
Mike Sackton: Wise that
Mike Sackton: he was.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was an ancient dragon.
Tim Sackton: In any case, Roman is Roman does arrange, you know, finds
Tim Sackton: somebody who is a.
Tim Sackton: you know, relatively low level.
Tim Sackton: a
Tim Sackton: arcane magic user associated with the Rodney Nivik.
Tim Sackton: who will have dinner with you on Friday night?
Tim Sackton: Is there anything else that
Tim Sackton: people want to do in town?
Kate Sackton: This one stops by the forge, where
Kate Sackton: Roman arranged for them to do the work, to
Kate Sackton: make sure that they left everything in good order and
Kate Sackton: express gratitude again. I mean, obviously they were paid for the
Kate Sackton: things. But just, you know, as a collegial.
Kate Sackton: you know, such a nice establishment you have. Thank you so much.
Eric Rosenbaum: Speaker studies the local stonework with a critical eye, and finds nothing of note.
Tim Sackton: So over the course of the next day and a half, 2 days, you sort of wander around. You gather rumors and information.
Tim Sackton: Roman bustles around.
Tim Sackton: you know, feeding you and keeping his tavern
Tim Sackton: well stocked with rich, well-paying guests, come to see the monster hunters.
Tim Sackton: and also makes progress on finding some
Tim Sackton: you know some horses for you.
Tim Sackton: Can get 5 horses
Tim Sackton: not cheap, but
Tim Sackton: tracks down. Somebody willing to sell sell 5 horses starts gathering supplies.
Tim Sackton: So at Friday night the night before, like this is when the sort of population of the of the town swells the most, or especially of the in.
Tim Sackton: as you know, it's everybody
Tim Sackton: who is coming in for the market on Saturday.
Tim Sackton: is here
Tim Sackton: equipment.
Tim Sackton: And but he he, you know, after you do your little like, you know.
Tim Sackton: sort of
Tim Sackton: show and sort of introduction. Everybody comes to look at you. He sets up
Tim Sackton: sort of private table aside for you, and introduces a woman.
Tim Sackton: Gela Drask.
Tim Sackton: who is a member of
Tim Sackton: that
Tim Sackton: rod, Rodgan Nevik
Tim Sackton: And she has come to have
Tim Sackton: dinner with you.
Tim Sackton: so she's
Tim Sackton: yellow, sorry yellow
Tim Sackton: yellow drask. She is
Tim Sackton: middle-aged, maybe
Tim Sackton: late thirties, early forties wearing
Tim Sackton: simple, relatively plain
Tim Sackton: robes
Tim Sackton: sort of beige brown trimmed in fur.
Tim Sackton: She has short cropped hair that's just slightly starting to go gray in places.
Tim Sackton: She has like, but not like wearing.
Tim Sackton: although her clothes are simple. She's wearing
Tim Sackton: substantial jewelry rings, especially on 4 of her fingers.
Tim Sackton: And and she sits down
Tim Sackton: sort of
Tim Sackton: bows and introduces and says, in
Tim Sackton: halting
Tim Sackton: possible common.
Tim Sackton: It is a pleasure to dine with you this evening.
Tim Sackton: I am
Tim Sackton: Yellow Drask.
Tim Sackton: of the Rodneyia Nivek.
Mike Sackton: Introduce
Mike Sackton: dealt with, introduce himself as well. Is everybody. I guess we're all eating together.
Eric Rosenbaum: Fair.
Mike Sackton: And
Mike Sackton: every introduce everybody in a mix of common and Ersk
Mike Sackton: but mostly I'm curious as to why, you know.
Mike Sackton: Try and get her to ask the questions, to start, at least. Why is she interested in dying
Mike Sackton: like I'll I'll try to get a brief briefing from Roman beforehand. Is this like a favor to him?
Mike Sackton: Or is she actually interested in meeting us.
Tim Sackton: She?
Tim Sackton: It's it's it's a mix of both. It's in part a favor to him, but also
Tim Sackton: he sort of sold it to her as like
Tim Sackton: how often you get to speak with elves and dwarves.
Tim Sackton: She had. No, she's apparently never met about before.
Mike Sackton: I don't really have any specific questions. This is more trying to get a sense of what
Mike Sackton: Rodney or like. Right? I just, I kind of.
Kate Sackton: Does she have a day job, or are her duties for the Rania
Kate Sackton: taking up all over time? Or you know.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, and and.
Kate Sackton: Like, just friendly like.
Kate Sackton: I'm Michael.
Mike Sackton: Is she
Mike Sackton: like?
Mike Sackton: How did she come to, I mean, without? I don't want to apply like a
Mike Sackton: crying for secrets. But like, how did she come to join
Mike Sackton: her, Rodney? Why, them
Mike Sackton: right like what's good about them?
Kate Sackton: Is she from here? Does she go to wherever their center of power is? Occasionally she from there, like.
Mike Sackton: Just like, what's the vibe of the audio right like.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, okay.
Tim Sackton: So I mean, she's actually go ahead and make a persuasion check.
Tim Sackton: See how convincing you are.
Mike Sackton: Not very.
Tim Sackton: So I mean she's
Tim Sackton: she's a bit reluctant to talk in depth about like what she did. She does do a little trick where she
Tim Sackton: She summons a can't just like inner in out of thin air. She just waves her hand open and then opens it, and there's a candle stick
Tim Sackton: in her hand.
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: she puts it down.
Tim Sackton: She lights the candle and it burns.
Tim Sackton: The whole thing is radiating dim light not just the candle
Tim Sackton: and you know, over the course of the conversation you watch. And then, about an hour after she summons it
Tim Sackton: and blanks out again.
Tim Sackton: and she kind of talks a little bit about just like
Tim Sackton: conjure, you know, being able to.
Tim Sackton: She seems quite happy to sort of boast a little bit about her skill and in conjuration, and
Tim Sackton: get the sense that this is
Tim Sackton: a lot of what
Tim Sackton: you sort of begun to piece together, that a lot, you know these Rodney, to a certain extent, are specialized in different kinds of magic.
Tim Sackton: and the Rodney Nivek is sort of.
Tim Sackton: you know. Maybe conjuration ish associated a little bit.
Tim Sackton: but she doesn't. She's not
Tim Sackton: really, you know, talking about it in a she doesn't really talk about
Tim Sackton: in her workings of the Rodney. It seems like a lot of what she does is
Tim Sackton: you know, just
Tim Sackton: providing Arcane services for people
Tim Sackton: right? So you know, she'll
Tim Sackton: can clearly cast at least low level spells right
Tim Sackton: patent.
Tim Sackton: She will.
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: do that in exchange for food and lodging? Basically.
Tim Sackton: you know she is. She does sort of talk a little bit about how.
Tim Sackton: you know, there's clearly a little bit of
Tim Sackton: not exactly politics, but but maybe sort of friendly competition among the Rodney.
Tim Sackton: They're
Tim Sackton: there. There doesn't seem to be a lot. There's not. They're not like political
Tim Sackton: competitors in the sense that they are.
Tim Sackton: you know they all. They each have different proposals first, and they're, you know, duking it out to see you guys to implement their vision. It seems more like
Tim Sackton: there's an ebb and flow of who's on top and who's on the bottom, and.
Tim Sackton: you know, depending on where you are in the pecking order. You sort of have less or more influence.
Eric Rosenbaum: Speaker at some point, leans over and very obviously tries to get a look at the rings.
Tim Sackton: based on seekers.
Tim Sackton: strong
Tim Sackton: passive investigation, or kinda one of the rings is definitely magical.
Tim Sackton: but she kind of
Tim Sackton: puts it, you know, sees you looking and kind of doesn't
Tim Sackton: oh, offer up any information. Just kind of pulls their hand away a little bit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of us are interested in magic
Eric Rosenbaum: and curious about the politics of magic. Here.
Tim Sackton: It's a risky thing for a foreigner to ask.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it? Though in my own country
Eric Rosenbaum: we're free to do magic as we please. Are we not.
Tim Sackton: I would not want to get you or myself in trouble.
Tim Sackton: only
Tim Sackton: members of the Vodia are free to do magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, of course I'm I'm well aware.
Eric Rosenbaum: but
Eric Rosenbaum: as
Eric Rosenbaum: up
Eric Rosenbaum: person of interest.
Eric Rosenbaum: person interested in magic, I
Eric Rosenbaum: have to admit that I'm curious about how it works here.
Eric Rosenbaum: and and especially why it's so heavily regulated.
Eric Rosenbaum: you know, in in many other places there are flourishing cultures of
Eric Rosenbaum: learning and collaboration around magical abilities.
Eric Rosenbaum: rapidly shift and evolve.
Tim Sackton: You had a
Tim Sackton: at
Tim Sackton: seeker makeup persuasion, Jack.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here
Eric Rosenbaum: may not go. Well, let's see what happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a total of 8.
Tim Sackton: She kind of
Tim Sackton: like leans back and
Tim Sackton: smile sort of patiently at
Tim Sackton: at seeker, and
Tim Sackton: things work differently. Here
Tim Sackton: I
Tim Sackton: all of the
Tim Sackton: soft
Tim Sackton: countries to the south are
Tim Sackton: safe from the dragon hordes by our magic.
Tim Sackton: Forgive us if we must do things
Tim Sackton: in a different way.
Tim Sackton: so that
Tim Sackton: blizzards of the North don't sweep across your
Tim Sackton: precious
Tim Sackton: civilizations of collaboration, and
Tim Sackton: whatever.
Eric Rosenbaum: Learn, I said.
Eric Rosenbaum: Creativity
Eric Rosenbaum: I see
Eric Rosenbaum: interesting to learn
Eric Rosenbaum: a little bit more about how the world works.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: I'm glad to have taught you
Tim Sackton: cultural exchange and.
Eric Rosenbaum: And may I ask about
Eric Rosenbaum: your rings
Eric Rosenbaum: as a curious party
Eric Rosenbaum: to.
Tim Sackton: She can pass.
Tim Sackton: What would you wish to know?
Eric Rosenbaum: Do they have any special magical properties?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I have them?
Mike Sackton: It.
Tim Sackton: I I'm not sure why I should share such information with you.
Tim Sackton: What difference is it to you what
Tim Sackton: magics my rings can.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, in this period.
Eric Rosenbaum: as you said a moment ago, of cultural exchange.
Kate Sackton: So you could do. Any of your
Kate Sackton: acquaintances are not present, or relatives, or anything. Have a ring of something or other that you could describe as like, you know, I once saw.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: connect here.
Eric Rosenbaum: good.
Eric Rosenbaum: you know, among my people there are some
Eric Rosenbaum: legendary rings of
Eric Rosenbaum: of
Eric Rosenbaum: ancient beauty and and
Eric Rosenbaum: wonderful
Eric Rosenbaum: craftsmanship.
Eric Rosenbaum: surpassing the resolving power of
Eric Rosenbaum: the eyes of of most dwarves, at least, I should say
Eric Rosenbaum: very fine details, stunning, quality.
Eric Rosenbaum: and and some of these agent rings have have
Eric Rosenbaum: magical abilities.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: some are spoken of as
Eric Rosenbaum: things that allow
Eric Rosenbaum: a dwarf to walk upon the water, or even upon the air.
Tim Sackton: Are indeed many rings of
Tim Sackton: legends.
Tim Sackton: Mine is
Tim Sackton: perhaps nothing quite so special.
Tim Sackton: and I see not what it is to you to
Tim Sackton: speak of such things.
Tim Sackton: I do not press you.
Tim Sackton: You must have a great many magic items to be
Tim Sackton: quite as so successful as
Tim Sackton: you have become.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have accumulated our share of a powerful tool.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: I'm not sure you why you wish to know these things.
Tim Sackton: Not think you could
Tim Sackton: hope to.
Tim Sackton: You're not
Tim Sackton: talk so freely about magic here with outsiders, as perhaps you are used to.
Eric Rosenbaum: And this I'm coming to understand.
Tim Sackton: It is for your own safety as much as anything else.
Tim Sackton: Conversation kind of
Tim Sackton: comes to a slight, awkward pause at that point.
Mike Sackton: I'll try and revive the conversation in a totally different direction. With some.
Eric Rosenbaum: New, to.
Mike Sackton: Story about alves right? Like.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I'll I'll tell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice, I say, but.
Mike Sackton: The Great War.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Safe!
Tim Sackton: Is there anything else you want to?
Tim Sackton: Role play as the conversation winds down where you just making sort of the.
Mike Sackton: No chat. I I don't. I don't know the other people.
Tim Sackton: So the next day.
Tim Sackton: april
Tim Sackton: eighteenth.
Tim Sackton: as the market.
Tim Sackton: you get your magic items bustling.
Tim Sackton: happy day, and and news from Lena that
Tim Sackton: she expects
Tim Sackton: that your transit papers will arrive tomorrow, and a letter
Tim Sackton: asking you to meet her in the Watchers Tower at 4 Pm. On Sunday
Tim Sackton: to hand over your papers of Transat.
Tim Sackton: So you have, you know, maybe 24 h in town before the
Tim Sackton: rush rush to finish up.
Tim Sackton: Roman does tell you that there is a a merchant leaving
Tim Sackton: corral.
Tim Sackton: He's
Tim Sackton: bringing a bunch of. He had
Tim Sackton: come to acquire
Tim Sackton: dragon scales and is bringing a bunch of dragon scales south with a caravan to one of the trade cities.
Tim Sackton: Would be happy for the company if you wish.
Tim Sackton: Roman does warn you again that the caravans often move
Tim Sackton: at a leisurely pace south.
Tim Sackton: while you could probably ride
Tim Sackton: to the bridge in
Tim Sackton: 2 or 3 days.
Tim Sackton: It'll take 5 with the caravan.
Tim Sackton: and they will turn south for the coast at that point. But if you wish to spend the the 5 days in the company of Karlan has
Tim Sackton: and his.
Tim Sackton: The folks traveling with its caravan.
Tim Sackton: Roman recommends, you know. He says he's a friendly guy.
Tim Sackton: so it's upkeeping.
Mike Sackton: I think we wanna set out with him, but we might.
Mike Sackton: We're not committing to stay with him the whole time.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: Are there any Doia among the
Kate Sackton: proud.
Tim Sackton: in the caravan or in. There's plenty of noise in the city.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, no. The caravan.
Tim Sackton: Oh,
Tim Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: But if there was a Noia caravan, Roman probably, wouldn't, you know? Recommend? I mean.
Tim Sackton: right? Yeah.
Kate Sackton: They would have a separate one, that they wouldn't be intermixed.
Tim Sackton: The some of them might be intermixed, but
Tim Sackton: but from Roman's point of view, like
Tim Sackton: the like, wealthy merchants have the people you should be talking to, so they're much less likely to be moya.
Tim Sackton: So over the course of the market day you examine your new match items.
Tim Sackton: Purchase your sealed potion.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: you know, get your it's
Tim Sackton: gonna cost you
Tim Sackton: 500 gold for the horses, and another 200 gold for
Tim Sackton: just
Tim Sackton: supplies and and stocking up
Tim Sackton: so 2,700 gold total with the potion.
Tim Sackton: And they'll be ready on Sunday.
Tim Sackton: Roman will get them.
Tim Sackton: you know, saddled and geared, and have everything packed ready for your departure first light on Monday morning.
Tim Sackton: so
Tim Sackton: we'll jump ahead to Sunday when you go to the. Unless there's anything else you want to do in Zureinka before we leave.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was just suddenly thinking like, Oh, the rodeo Nasr associated with Ethnoy.
Eric Rosenbaum: there is
Eric Rosenbaum: whole area of town that we didn't really go to.
Eric Rosenbaum: but what I don't know what we try to find out about them. So.
Kate Sackton: Think my point was if
Kate Sackton: we ran into it.
Kate Sackton: Caravan, who was already of the sort
Kate Sackton: of like
Kate Sackton: Low, you know, middle class
Kate Sackton: natives, I don't know. I don't know what to call non noia other Erskins and.
Eric Rosenbaum: Go.
Kate Sackton: And like
Kate Sackton: Upper Middle, you know, Upper related upper echelons of the Noah that intermix with these other Erskins, and like. So there's already like a level of
Kate Sackton: somewhat less casty
Kate Sackton: attitude in that particular caravan. Then we would maybe have a better chance of talking to the Noah, because they wouldn't necessarily be
Kate Sackton: like
Kate Sackton: low lower class, second class citizens, as much.
Eric Rosenbaum: In.
Eric Rosenbaum: but.
Kate Sackton: Maybe we'll run across.
Eric Rosenbaum: Facilities wouldn't be.
Kate Sackton: Maybe we'll run across some sort of spontaneously integrated
Kate Sackton: group some time during our long journey to the West.
Eric Rosenbaum: Great.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're probably gonna have to switch care again.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, we'll stop and say, it ends and.
Tim Sackton: Week.
Tim Sackton: So on Sunday, April nineteenth, the day after the market.
Tim Sackton: you find yourself back in the Watcher's tower.
Tim Sackton: going through the routine again to steal your magic
Tim Sackton: and return to
Tim Sackton: Lena's
Tim Sackton: room in the tower.
Tim Sackton: where she has again t laid out for you.
Tim Sackton: And greets you.
Tim Sackton: She brings out. These scrolls, one for each of you.
Tim Sackton: Letters of transit giving you permission to
Tim Sackton: travel freely across Ersk
Tim Sackton: for the next month.
Tim Sackton: but not enter any cities
Tim Sackton: accepting the headquarters of the Rodney vocners.
Tim Sackton: but travel on roads.
Tim Sackton: stay in inns and villages
Tim Sackton: freely
Tim Sackton: across the country
Tim Sackton: for the next 30 days.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder why no cities.
Kate Sackton: Might need, like a
Kate Sackton: market marketing trader.
Kate Sackton: Set of papers for.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Presumably. Can we come back to the city we're currently in.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: I would like to
Mike Sackton: ask her. I'm gonna tell her that we heard
Mike Sackton: that Westerners might not be safe.
Tim Sackton: She tells you that, you know rumors always spread.
Tim Sackton: She does not think it is likely to be
Tim Sackton: problem for you
Tim Sackton: in any ways. It seems likely that
Tim Sackton: yeah.
Tim Sackton: as peace negotiations progress, the border will become
Tim Sackton: less of a danger.
Mike Sackton: Peace negotiations.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: She sort of hesitates for a moment. Maybe, unclear, exactly how much she's supposed to reveal to you.
Tim Sackton: It is Rodney a business.
Mike Sackton: I had a more
Mike Sackton: specific concern.
Mike Sackton: We heard there might be.
Mike Sackton: with wings the size of
Mike Sackton: a horse.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: And
Mike Sackton: shared one of these bats.
Mike Sackton: or 10 of these bats
Mike Sackton: descend upon us.
Mike Sackton: Could we use magic.
Mike Sackton: kill them?
Tim Sackton: She kind of laughs.
Tim Sackton: There's 2 things that might happen.
Tim Sackton: Do not believe these bots will attack you, because I believe that the peace negotiations are fairly well advanced.
Tim Sackton: but either
Tim Sackton: you are attacked
Tim Sackton: within sight of one of our patrols.
Tim Sackton: in which case the patrol will take care of it, and you need not worry.
Tim Sackton: warrior attack, not within sight of one of our patrols.
Tim Sackton: in which case nobody will ask you
Tim Sackton: too carefully how you survived.
Mike Sackton: That was just not.
Kate Sackton: We were all rolepling, nodding.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Does that satisfy you?
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Course. Yes.
Tim Sackton: But, as I said, I expect the western border will
Tim Sackton: become less dangerous soon.
Mike Sackton: Would we know if we crossed the border
Mike Sackton: by accident.
Mike Sackton: Presumably the
Mike Sackton: western side of the western border is not safe.
Tim Sackton: Well, you would have to go some 100 miles west of the
Tim Sackton: headquarters of the Rodney Vocanaz, across the border
Tim Sackton: E.
Tim Sackton: The border is a little uncertain. There, that's part of the negotiation.
Tim Sackton: possibly
Tim Sackton: as few as 40 miles west.
Tim Sackton: as many as a hundred 20.
Tim Sackton: But as long as you don't go too far west of the
Tim Sackton: headquarters that you're heading to should not be it
Tim Sackton: problem with you.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: that's all I wanted to know.
Tim Sackton: Anybody else.
Tim Sackton: so she gives you a paper as you get your stuff back.
Tim Sackton: warns you to keep your papers on you. There are regular patrols.
Tim Sackton: There have already been some caravans that left today, so she's pretty sure that
Tim Sackton: rumors of your
Tim Sackton: deeds and
Tim Sackton: Just rumors of your existence will be spreading rapidly across Ersk. As
Tim Sackton: you know, a number of people left on Thursday and Friday after the Wednesday market. More people left tomorrow yesterday or today.
Tim Sackton: so you may not get stopped too frequently if you are recognized on Site
Tim Sackton: of course
Tim Sackton: the others of my order know that you have
Tim Sackton: transit papers, but
Tim Sackton: please do not lose them in case you are
Tim Sackton: asked to produce them.
Tim Sackton: and she also says, as you are traveling on
Tim Sackton: Rodney, a business.
Tim Sackton: Should you wish
Tim Sackton: lodging
Tim Sackton: in the stables, and
Tim Sackton: simple food, this will be provided for you at ends along the way. If you show them your letters of transit.
Tim Sackton: do not expect to
Tim Sackton: get their best, but simple, fair to sustain you, and shelter from the cold.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: morning of
Tim Sackton: April twentieth.
Tim Sackton: you set out with
Tim Sackton: Was his issue.
Tim Sackton: Carol's caravan.
Tim Sackton: it's
Tim Sackton: so just, you know, roughly, if you. If you were to split off from the caravan and you know.
Tim Sackton: ride
Tim Sackton: full days following the roads you'd be talking talking about
Tim Sackton: you know, roughly
Tim Sackton: 9
Tim Sackton: or 10 days to get to yam golf.
Tim Sackton: and then another, probably 2 or 3 days to overland
Tim Sackton: off the roads to get to the base.
Tim Sackton: You know a caravan would go about half that speed.
Kate Sackton: We're definitely not staying with the caravan the whole time. We only have 30 days travel papers like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, that feels tight.
Tim Sackton: Well, it's plenty of time. If you don't meander right, you can get there in one third of the time a lot.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who who are you talking to, though? Don't me under.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow!
Tim Sackton: Fair enough.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's something that will get fresh from.
Tim Sackton: The whole point is that if you're if you're not allowed.
Kate Sackton: Channel.
Tim Sackton: Do business with the radia. They're not going to be like, oh, take 6 months to get here.
Mike Sackton: the
Mike Sackton: I think we start with the caravan for a day or 2, just cause I think the more we talk to people
Mike Sackton: right and just kind of
Mike Sackton: improve our Ersk. Right? It's more opportunity to talk in Ersk. It's more opportunity to just
Mike Sackton: ask more. You know.
Mike Sackton: who do these, you know.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I want to give what everybody the opportunity to roleplay the journey as much as you want. But I also want to make sure we have time to
Tim Sackton: do the get to the headquarters tonight, so
Tim Sackton: I didn't just.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm kind of just inclined.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can we just do like a montage of the journey?
Mike Sackton: Suggest the same thing right? Like, I don't think we really need to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Is there anything we need to do.
Tim Sackton: So you're going to basically hang with the with the caravan for a couple of days, and then just kind of turn off.
Kate Sackton: Well
Kate Sackton: leave in the morning.
Mike Sackton: Right back.
Kate Sackton: May do, and right ahead.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So okay, so we'll figure that's gonna be like.
Tim Sackton: just figuring out
Tim Sackton: what you're gonna cross.
Kate Sackton: I think that. Well, I don't know if everyone else agrees, but we can talk about it while we're writing that
Kate Sackton: it's fine that they have these sort of traditions of supporting your Rodney and their missions, but we should just offer to pay
Kate Sackton: for food and lodging at places to be
Kate Sackton: amicable. Well thought of foreigners
Kate Sackton: as opposed to
Kate Sackton: trying to eke out our do was.
Kate Sackton: you know, kind of tangentially, Rad Rodney.
Kate Sackton: It's new
Kate Sackton: business.
Kate Sackton: I mean, we're not short on cash, and
Kate Sackton: good will is desirable.
Kate Sackton: might pull some people out of the woodwork who are.
Tim Sackton: So so basically, if you if you start off with the caravan, you spend a day or 2 not pushing yourself hard to chat with them for a little bit.
Tim Sackton: He's probably talking about 13 days, total journey time.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: okay.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So the first few days you start off heading south here.
Tim Sackton: let's change.
Tim Sackton: although this is the mighty track, not the nice road.
Tim Sackton: The first few days you head off south along the road.
Tim Sackton: there's a fair bit of traffic coming, going to Zervingka. This is clearly like a well traveled road.
Tim Sackton: It's it's muddy enough that when the road is not wide enough for 2 caravans to pass.
Tim Sackton: So one of the main things that slows down the wagons is every time somebody's coming north and somebody's going south. A whole big production. Somebody has to get off the side of the road into the mud, dislodge the wheels again. Get it bad is like, you know, just a whole big deal right
Tim Sackton: when you're on horseback. Just moving by yourself is much easier.
Tim Sackton: But you sort of get a sense traveling with with Carol for
Tim Sackton: a couple of days just about
Tim Sackton: You know the the merchant class, and Ersk is doing quite well these days. Despite this, everybody talks about the scare last winter, like, despite the scare last winter, business is booming.
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: He's getting rich selling.
Tim Sackton: He he buys dragon
Tim Sackton: dragon scales from Zarvenca.
Tim Sackton: sells them in port
Tim Sackton: to halfling traders. He's very interested in talking to. Well, be
Tim Sackton: because he's talked to many halflings before, because he sells these to halfling traders who are taking them all across the green sea.
Tim Sackton: and he brings he gets spice. He works in dragon scales and spice because they're both
Tim Sackton: extremely valuable per pound, so he doesn't need a huge operation.
Tim Sackton: It's basically just him. And like 4 other people in one big wagon
Tim Sackton: and you know he's he's quite chatty. He's friendly. He's very pleased to be traveling with you.
Tim Sackton: although he keeps talking about. Oh, yes, the roads are so safe like other than that big scare last winter.
Tim Sackton: Since then, you know, the patrols have been
Tim Sackton: quite a lot more patrols.
Tim Sackton: The arcane wards are much stronger than ever.
Tim Sackton: The one slightly odd thing that happens is that the the morning of the first of the second day
Tim Sackton: as you're sort of making breakfast, he just like
Tim Sackton: blinks and stares off into space for about 20 min, just not speaking, totally incommunicative, and then just picks up again a second later, as if he had.
Tim Sackton: like the time has just ceased for him for 20 min.
Tim Sackton: and kind of shakes his head a bit.
Tim Sackton: but doesn't say anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's him a high salmon.
Tim Sackton: there.
Tim Sackton: make a make a wisdom, check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My stop check.
Tim Sackton: Wendy, 20 plus 5.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should be classified. Okay? Well, that should be 16. Then.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
Tim Sackton: or sorry, plus. Yeah, no, you're right. Plus 3.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 14, okay.
Tim Sackton: Still, that's not bad. I mean the one thing you note what you notice when you soul sight him, I mean. He seems he's like cheerful, happy. He's in a good mood.
Tim Sackton: This, like weird blip, doesn't seem to have affected his mood at all.
Tim Sackton: It like vaguely reminds you of soul slating, Missy of Chakun.
Tim Sackton: There's like a thin thread of energy that's
Tim Sackton: spiraling off of him running somewhere.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's not good running. Where?
Tim Sackton: Well, you can't really see it kind of fades off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fades off. Where
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can I? Can I try to?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: spend some key and trace it.
Tim Sackton: There. There's nothing you can see beyond it sort of going off into the air around him, right? It's like some thin line of energy that's flowing away from him.
Tim Sackton: But it's not like a
Tim Sackton: yeah line of something that you can follow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I focus more. And I spend some key and like, just what? What about this energy? Do I get a sense of it? Is it connected to something? Is it, you know?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does it have any?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does it feel malicious? Does it feel manipulated? Does it feel ethereal? I just you know what? Up? Well.
Tim Sackton: The only thing that seems similar in your mind is again. It's like the web of Chaku
Tim Sackton: network of.
Tim Sackton: Energy that ties the chunkoon misdiag together to power the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Now
Tim Sackton: Chocoon's protection on the border of Denmark.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are you the only one who goes blank at that time, or
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): do the others also.
Tim Sackton: Just him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have I noticed this energy signature any other time? This whole time we've been a nurse.
Tim Sackton: Nope! And it seems to be fading quite quickly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Interesting. I communicate that to everybody, so I don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Interesting.
Tim Sackton: It's like almost like.
Tim Sackton: While his, while he went silent for 20 min, was
Tim Sackton: when it was being energy was being drawn, and then, when he souls sighted him. It was like
Tim Sackton: the end of that, and it was fading
Tim Sackton: and like 10 min later, you don't see anything. You would only notice this. If you so said in somebody just at this moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wonder if there's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: some type of a network.
Tim Sackton: Well, you've heard a number of people mention just offhand arcane wards.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Arcane, boards.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: I mean. And also they just talk about how their power has to be
Kate Sackton: unified and centralized and controlled to keep everyone safe.
Kate Sackton: Though
Kate Sackton: this this sort of network is.
Kate Sackton: or I thought we were already thought was going on.
Tim Sackton: So a couple days later, you you part ways with the caravan at a small trading post on the river.
Tim Sackton: The road turns south
Tim Sackton: splits. Part goes south, part goes west.
Tim Sackton: Those big docs here you get the sense that
Tim Sackton: in a month a lot of people will be
Tim Sackton: going down the river by water.
Tim Sackton: but at the moment the the ice is, it's you're
Tim Sackton: as you get into the low lens here.
Tim Sackton: you know it's more fully spring
Tim Sackton: a lot of mud. The ice is beginning to break up, but still not safe for shipping, and you turn west
Tim Sackton: towards Vedmakov.
Tim Sackton: I'm
Tim Sackton: the road is is much quieter here as you head west.
Tim Sackton: It seems like a a lot of the caravans and foot traffic on the road that you are passing was running north south from the coast to Zuvinka.
Tim Sackton: and the road to Vednikov is
Tim Sackton: quieter, although more heavily patrolled.
Tim Sackton: and you do get stopped twice and asked to show your transit papers by small groups of apparently watchers.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are the watchers armed.
Tim Sackton: You've never seen a watcher with a weapon.
Tim Sackton: They're present day beverage.
Mike Sackton: Of Rania.
Mike Sackton: Yes, we don't. They're not part of any, but they clearly can cast spells, you know. They.
Tim Sackton: And yep.
Mike Sackton: Interesting.
Tim Sackton: Am.
Tim Sackton: You
Tim Sackton: passed by the city of Vedmakov a few days later.
Tim Sackton: It's a walled city that's you don't actually pass. You'll you pass like
Tim Sackton: 6 miles north of it.
Tim Sackton: You're passing along the sort of foothills of this
Tim Sackton: Like between the forest and these hills, and the city itself is set up a little bit into the hills, into the mountains.
Tim Sackton: watching over this this valley you've been, you're you've been following the course of this river. The road runs along the course of this river here, for much of this distance along the valley, and the city itself is perched above
Tim Sackton: the river valley
Tim Sackton: very close to a waterfall that cascades down out of the mountains. That must be the source of this river.
Tim Sackton: because, as you pass west of Ved Maccabi, turn away from the river
Tim Sackton: and start passing through a more wooded area. Light woods.
Tim Sackton: A road here hardly traveled at all.
Tim Sackton: You go a whole day, seeing only
Tim Sackton: one
Tim Sackton: other group of travelers on the road, and no patrols.
Tim Sackton: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: But as you sort of descend out of the foothills the road begins to gently descend down to the wide valley
Tim Sackton: of this river where where Yamkov is
Tim Sackton: and you can see. Yeah, I'm Gov from
Tim Sackton: from a distance from several days away, as you're sort of deset, you know, very gradually descending into this river.
Tim Sackton: it's a big city. It's it's definitely bigger than Venkov or Zarvenca, and it spills well beyond its walls
Tim Sackton: much more agriculture than you've seen before. You're you're passing through fields now.
Tim Sackton: still too early for anything to be planted. A lot of land is cleared for agriculture. Here
Tim Sackton: I'm
Tim Sackton: wheat and barley, and various other kinds of hearty northern grains.
Tim Sackton: and as April begins to draw to a close.
Tim Sackton: pass
Tim Sackton: on on the
Tim Sackton: the last day of April
Tim Sackton: you pass.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I'm govin, as
Tim Sackton: April ends and may begins.
Tim Sackton: you
Tim Sackton: turn over land to ascend the last 40 miles or so
Tim Sackton: to
Tim Sackton: the headquarters of
Tim Sackton: of the
Tim Sackton: that's it's probably more like there, right? It's about 40 miles from
Tim Sackton: from
Tim Sackton: Yom golf.
Tim Sackton: maybe 50. It's about a. It's about a, you know, 2 day journey. Basically.
Tim Sackton: it's gotten warm over the course of this almost 2 weeks that you've been traveling.
Tim Sackton: Not
Tim Sackton: not exactly.
Tim Sackton: you know. Certainly. Nothing like
Tim Sackton: summer in Dunmar.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: The snows are now are completely melted.
Tim Sackton: There was even one day when there was light rains. You can see the buds are beginning to come out on treat on the
Tim Sackton: you know the grasses and the the landscape is beginning to turn green
Tim Sackton: as early early. You know spring flowers are in bloom
Tim Sackton: as you spend the first day of May trudging again, still somewhat muddy, charging through the mud.
Tim Sackton: And you can see now
Tim Sackton: As
Tim Sackton: as sun begins to sat
Tim Sackton: on the on the last day of
Tim Sackton: on the first day of May you can see you've gotten fairly close. You can see, as sunsets in the distance what looks like
Tim Sackton: a flickering
Tim Sackton: wall of fire
Tim Sackton: marketing.
Tim Sackton: You think the headquarters of the Rodney vocals.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But scoop.
Tim Sackton: Go to sleep
Tim Sackton: when
Tim Sackton: no, nothing happens except
Tim Sackton: Kong read the message I'm sending you.
Tim Sackton: So you're now
Tim Sackton: maybe
Tim Sackton: two-thirds of a day's walk
Tim Sackton: 2 as morning comes on.
Tim Sackton: May second.
Tim Sackton: you expect to reach the headquarters of the
Tim Sackton: of the vulneras. The Rodney of Vulkn has
Tim Sackton: this afternoon, and you can see now
Tim Sackton: there's a in in the distance, maybe 20 miles away, perched on a hill.
Tim Sackton: There's a smooth. There's a wall of stone, or some sort of wall outer fortification.
Tim Sackton: and then behind it
Tim Sackton: there's like a floating tower that has a wall of flame entirely encircling
Tim Sackton: the outside of the tower.
Eric Rosenbaum: Floating. Is it.
Tim Sackton: Doesn't.
Tim Sackton: This is about as close as I could get.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, it's floating in water.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's floating in water.
Eric Rosenbaum: The heck.
Eric Rosenbaum: What body of water are we in? Is it actually a river like, or a lake.
Tim Sackton: Oh, no, you like, it's just a it's like a big moat. Basically.
Eric Rosenbaum: But.
Tim Sackton: First Kenza, did you read your dream?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What did I read my dream.
Tim Sackton: Did you see the message I sent you on? Zoom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On zoom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ho!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Really quick.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: interesting!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wait. So we're sleeping. Where? Right now.
Tim Sackton: You're sleeping just in the Erskine countryside.
Tim Sackton: about a 15 miles from the headquarters of the riding of Vocaz.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Huh! This massive tomb. Complex, huge stone doors, wrapping chains.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so look anything like what we're looking at now.
Tim Sackton: Are, now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does this tune mausoleum of terror remind me of anything? Oh, yeah, okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it. So it reminds me also of like what I saw when I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: okay?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. So Kenzo kinda
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: oh, great. Yeah. So Kenza Kenza sort of sits up alert.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in a camp and kind of looks at everybody.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: no look! He looks pretty alarmed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and Kenza says.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Polyon is awakening.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): When you say awakening.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That was the 3 word summary
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the larger vision I had.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think I've shared with you before how we had a bit of eye contact at 1 point, and the plan of consciousness.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I share that with you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When we all were
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: on our various solo
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: journeys.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I have like a sense of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess what you could say is like what his tomb looks like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Pretty
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not a place you'd really ever want to go
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: for really any kind of reason
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that you could possibly ever want to think about. It's pretty much the worst place you could imagine, you know
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bloody mausoleum screaming, hissing, acid terror. I mean, it's kind of just all the words you don't want to think about in a place.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And there are these chains, you know. There are these chains that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that find the door that he's, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: trapped in his tune.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And yeah, so you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I just had a vision where those chains are now
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: being eaten away by acid and solving.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So yeah, I think there's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess maybe we should act with a bit more urgency. Now, with our various
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: plans
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: potentially, we're not. We're not. I mean, I could also just be, you know, having random.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: very specific dreams.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, you're you're muted, Eric.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could be predicting the future. So we have plenty of time, but might not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like that idea
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that suits my
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: overall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: procrastination, energy a lot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's the goal.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what we got.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's go with that as a future vision, not.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe the chains. Maybe the chains are around his heart, and actually
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): he'll have love for everyone when they're dissolved.
Eric Rosenbaum: IA,
Eric Rosenbaum: that's that's a great point. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: These are all great hypotheses, guys.
Eric Rosenbaum: Didn't we ourselves just recently rescue an ancient spirit by dissolving its chains with acid
Eric Rosenbaum: in the forge.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We did.
Tim Sackton: N.
Eric Rosenbaum: There!
Eric Rosenbaum: That's funny how.
Tim Sackton: You should have saved that universal solvent to free a poly. Whatever you think.
Mike Sackton: Please.
Eric Rosenbaum: Somebody else had a summer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: See like just just for a moment like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: good evil.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, it's like it's like, these are all such relative turns like, what if? What if we've got a poly on all wrong? You know. What if he's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not that you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Terrible power, hungry lick that we think he is, you know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, won't we be embarrassed?
Kate Sackton: When he gives us a big hug and a lollipop.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right urgency!
Tim Sackton: So as you
Tim Sackton: spend the day walking towards
Tim Sackton: the headquarters of the
Tim Sackton: Rodney Barknaz with this
Tim Sackton: ominous sign in the back of your minds.
Tim Sackton: by late afternoon you reach
Tim Sackton: guests. The entrance.
Tim Sackton: You approach a wall of stone
Tim Sackton: 20 feet high, with no visible doors or gates
Tim Sackton: completely surrounding the interior of whatever
Tim Sackton: complex. You can see the like top of the this tower behind the walls.
Tim Sackton: And you can.
Tim Sackton: You can see the glow, the flickering glow of the flames that
Tim Sackton: light the tower.
Tim Sackton: but it doesn't appear to be any doors or entrances.
Tim Sackton: or anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: To my professional eye, does it look like a
Eric Rosenbaum: magically generated wall of stone, or one that was.
Tim Sackton: And like a magically generated thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: is there a way to estimate how long it's been there
Eric Rosenbaum: like the
Eric Rosenbaum: The wall of stone stone is got a perfect surface, so
Eric Rosenbaum: check the erosion on top and so forth.
Tim Sackton: It seems like it's been there quite a long time.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there's water inside this curtain. Wall.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: we what we discussed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The wall, and and not
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): lately.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: a guy.
Tim Sackton: About
Tim Sackton: a minute later
Tim Sackton: a portal
Tim Sackton: just opens in the middle of the wall.
Tim Sackton: and and elderly woman
Tim Sackton: steps through wearing
Tim Sackton: you know, white hair up in a bun sort of a wrinkled face.
Tim Sackton: she's wearing simple but well made, and
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: clearly warm robes.
Tim Sackton: She's what gives you one look
Tim Sackton: taking in the Alf.
Tim Sackton: 2 dwarves.
Tim Sackton: a halfling.
Tim Sackton: Yes, of course we've been expecting you.
Tim Sackton: Come, come, come, come in.
Tim Sackton: I will
Tim Sackton: see you to your corners.
Tim Sackton: You'll have
Tim Sackton: an hour or 2 to clean yourself off and get ready, and it's almost dinner time.
Tim Sackton: I'm
Tim Sackton: Ronak Mirov is expecting you for dinner.
Tim Sackton: He will speak to you of.
Tim Sackton: I guess. A quest
Tim Sackton: you are here for
Tim Sackton: die.
Tim Sackton: wasn't
Tim Sackton: they? Don't always tell me everything. Just get their quarters ready. Make sure they've got.
Tim Sackton: you know, a bath and a warm fire and clean clothes. If they need them.
Tim Sackton: I can clean your clothes if you wish. She snaps her finger.
Tim Sackton: and your the travel stains are gone from your
Tim Sackton: from your clothes.
Tim Sackton: No time to waste. If all of you are. Gonna have a bath. You better get moving.
Kate Sackton: And we follow promptly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just out of game. Did we know?
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we have some reason to?
Eric Rosenbaum: I understand why we're expected that make sense.
Tim Sackton: You ask for.
Mike Sackton: We.
Tim Sackton: The person who gave you the travel pass was the Rodney of Vocab. Because we're monster hunters. We want a quest.
Tim Sackton: Want some of.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, sweet, I see. So
Eric Rosenbaum: we did send ahead with that information. Okay.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: so the interior of this
Tim Sackton: headquarters is. So as you step through this, this
Tim Sackton: wall of stone, the inside
Tim Sackton: of the grounds is like weird to be bigger.
Tim Sackton: Then the diameter of the wall is down like there's no way like
Tim Sackton: a wall of stone is not on the outside.
Tim Sackton: Big enough to hold.
Tim Sackton: Giant Lake.
Tim Sackton: with a wall of fire burning on the lake!
Tim Sackton: Castle and tower.
Tim Sackton: with flames coming off of the walls of the tower.
Tim Sackton: behind the wall of fire.
Tim Sackton: plus around the shores of the lake.
Tim Sackton: a cluster of various utilitarian buildings.
Tim Sackton: all seemingly shaped out of single.
Tim Sackton: like, almost like poured iron from a mold pieces of gray stone.
Tim Sackton: And she's leading you across. There's a stables, there's like a gardens and a kitchen
Tim Sackton: like a manor Meeting house area, several guest houses
Tim Sackton: as like
Tim Sackton: I don't know just estimating, based on the diameter of the
Tim Sackton: exterior wall. This is like
Tim Sackton: 3 times as much stuff as should fit inside it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is this? Is this a thing? This affects the
Eric Rosenbaum: figure on the inside, that I've.
Tim Sackton: Not one you ever seen.
Eric Rosenbaum: The unit. This scale, because I mean, like a portable hole, is like a little bit. But.
Tim Sackton: And not the portal, like the sky.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a case of
Eric Rosenbaum: portal between
Eric Rosenbaum: dimensions, literally.
Tim Sackton: The portable.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here.
Tim Sackton: A portable 2 interventions. This is not a port.
Kate Sackton: There are those like tents that
Kate Sackton: are like bigger.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Have anything that can tell if we're still on the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a regular dimension.
Tim Sackton: Not without using magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: but.
Tim Sackton: I don't know. It doesn't seem like it, like you can still hear
Tim Sackton: bird song from presumably the other side of the wall, right like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's just bigger on the inside.
Tim Sackton: Doesn't feel to you like you crossed into another dimension. If you have, it's a very well concealed dimension.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could it have been just a visual illusion
Eric Rosenbaum: from the outside that it looked smaller than it was.
Tim Sackton: That it looked smaller on the outside. Yes.
Tim Sackton: you never. You didn't try and circumnavigate the wall, for example.
Eric Rosenbaum: We didn't work. Well, there it comes.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's the simplest explanation.
Tim Sackton: She leads you to a guest house where you've got
Tim Sackton: 3 rooms between you, each with
Tim Sackton: 2 baths already drawn with hot water.
Tim Sackton: you know
Tim Sackton: everything sort of laid out for you for a fairly comfortable evening.
Tim Sackton: And she says she warns you, and dinner will be served in 2 h. Please be ready.
Tim Sackton: Bronak does not like to be kept waiting.
Tim Sackton: I'll come and get you
Tim Sackton: take you to dinner.
Tim Sackton: You can speak of your quest and desires. Then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is our what is our goal? With this conversation?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's better.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But we're trying to learn.
Mike Sackton: Wow would.
Mike Sackton: We're pretty sure, don't we? Hold on, we think or no? These guys have the jade hand right.
Tim Sackton: Yes, you're like 99% sure that these guys have the J in hand. And in fact.
Tim Sackton: very likely it is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Fingers.
Tim Sackton: Awesome with the blaming them all.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: From.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and Kenzel has a staff
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with them.
Tim Sackton: Presumably.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, we have all our gear.
Tim Sackton: You have all your gear with you. It's up to you whether you leave it in the room or take it to dinner.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Always taking it now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wonder if
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess this whole time Kenzo has just it's just been that. It's just been out. Huh?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wonder if you should like you should like can trip it a little bit, or you know, maybe a little.
Mike Sackton: Like cast spouse.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, bug it.
Mike Sackton: the the real question.
Mike Sackton: and there's no way to have this conversation.
Mike Sackton: We're probably being overheard.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We can have a teleconfect there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We are speaking to.
Tim Sackton: Unless you cast spouse.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, I can relay. Oh, that's true.
Mike Sackton: Slowly relay. Via!
Mike Sackton: Who's that.
Tim Sackton: 2 h, while everybody takes baths.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We totally do this?
Mike Sackton: So I will ask well be to ask everybody else.
Mike Sackton: should should we admit what we're after?
Kate Sackton: Presumably we have to come back here after we've achieved our quest
Kate Sackton: right now we're unknowns. Then they'll probably owe us, or at least
Kate Sackton: they'll be pleased with us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, look.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We all share
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a common foe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which is a polynom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They don't.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know about that, though probably.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Unless
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Polyon is friends with the vampire king next door, who's making peace with these people? And they're all going to be.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you know. Happy of Polyon buddies when he comes back again, which feels like a thing that is plausible, because I think ours cares much more about dragon attacks
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and about a polyon, and I think it's
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like they're already pretty fascist like, are they? Gonna be that worried? I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mmm, when.
Mike Sackton: Isn't a pulley on big deal to
Mike Sackton: become a god in the world with an iron fist. I think that would be problematic even for Ersk.
Eric Rosenbaum: He just wants to make Telgar great again. So.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is the thing like, even if he's a god ruling the world with an iron fist like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): he's not running the court system in Central Ersk. No.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Personally.
Mike Sackton: Powerful wizards. I
Mike Sackton: I don't see them
Mike Sackton: giving it.
Mike Sackton: I don't know if they
Mike Sackton: they would at least be nervous about him right like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): At the center of Ersk, though, like all of our understanding of what Erski I think well, we think, is and how it works. There's like an event horizon at the center of earth, past which we can't see
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): both. Why
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): dragons keep attacking here. There's a whole North that goes all the way around the globe, and this is the only place that ancient white dragons keep coming, attacking
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): continually with the volume they do, and also inside that, like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): singularity, is, whatever the source of all, their power is, weirdness.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Blanking out and like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the fact that they have all of this like we don't
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): don't think.
Eric Rosenbaum: And that was probably just a conference call. But yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's
Eric Rosenbaum: I.
Eric Rosenbaum: I like your image of the singularity that's there. I get that sense, too.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Grancor is 2,000 miles or more away, like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): this is the edge of a Pollyan's world like, does he?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or no, I can see them going either way.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): just to say, I don't think we can automatically assume that Apollon is a common enemy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's sort of you know, are. Can we appeal to them that it's in all of our best interest, which I believe it is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to reunite the pieces of jade of Rye's jade hand
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: for the purpose of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: keeping appalling on that day.
Eric Rosenbaum: Probably shouldn't reveal anything about the Polyon, I guess, is what.
Mike Sackton: I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: So be a thing.
Mike Sackton: We are
Mike Sackton: better situate
Mike Sackton: the.
Mike Sackton: At some point. I think we have to broach the question of a reward for whatever they're asking us to do.
Mike Sackton: and it seems
Mike Sackton: on.
Mike Sackton: It seems
Mike Sackton: unconvincing to ask for anything else.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright! So we keep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or
Eric Rosenbaum: we could. We could just try to take down this whole settlement.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't like to see.
Mike Sackton: We would fail at that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I think.
Mike Sackton: Mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: As project.
Mike Sackton: Probably at least one twentieth level wizard here.
Mike Sackton: So, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Least as good at wall stone as these guys. But.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So maybe so, okay, so we just stick with the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean architecture battle, we would definitely so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Exactly.
Kate Sackton: Where right now all we have to say is, we want to do a quest
Kate Sackton: are like
Kate Sackton: not so secret like. We might also be poking around because we're looking for some I don't know.
Kate Sackton: Wastelf or something dealt with has some sort of side story, side quest cover, storyish sort of thing.
Kate Sackton: But what we're also actually kind of poking around is maybe we'll run into the hut where
Kate Sackton: Dude, who found the jade hand, is sort of convalescing.
Mike Sackton: We don't care about that at this point we're pretty sure that the jade hand is literally in this building.
Kate Sackton: Yeah. Well, he's probably the one guy who would talk to us about what these people really want and care about.
Mike Sackton: Well, hold on!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But what what we know about the Rodney bookness is that they? They are at the lowest point of all the rods, right like they have the least power, the least influence. They've been disgraced last year, like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we can potentially offer them something meaningful.
Mike Sackton: When they ask us for.
Kate Sackton: What they need, and our quest should be the thing that will give them that.
Kate Sackton: So what I said at the end of this, they're gonna like us.
Kate Sackton: But but but.
Mike Sackton: But we should just be like, Hey, we like going on quest for the hell of going on quest. We don't want any kind of reward. This is a trade.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, exactly.
Kate Sackton: No, it is, but I don't think we should say what we want now. I think we should say.
Mike Sackton: No, we should totally say what we want now, being coy about what we want isn't going to end well in my view.
Mike Sackton: I wonder if.
Kate Sackton: I mean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, yeah.
Kate Sackton: Leave. We just say we want it. Now.
Kate Sackton: there's like, yeah, no quest. No, no, no, no, no, never mind. Kill these people now.
Eric Rosenbaum: We want. How would they teleframe.
Mike Sackton: Why, why would they care?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, placing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is this is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So the rainbow bridges are absolute emergency, fallback plan. Right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you have that.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I mean, but it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I I think this is pretty straightforward, right? They have jade hand. We want jade hand. We are powerful dudes that can do that can go and do stuff. So let's just set up a deal.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I I just
Mike Sackton: being like in exchange for the quest. We're going to ask for money. And then when we finish the quest, come back and say, no, we don't want money. We want the J. Heads. I just I don't. I wouldn't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like away. This is, this is Haha!
Kate Sackton: You think they'll really make us specify.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So look, I think the conversation is simple.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: First, it's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: how can we be of service? How can we be of service to you all they say. Uk, oh, my God! There's this giant problem. We should go. Oh, that's amazing. We actually can solve that problem in return, though
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we are searching for rare magic
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do you have but.
Mike Sackton: I think Kenzie goes with your staff. The first move is, bring your staff to dinner.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: And then, when we say rare magic, we'd be like rare magic, pointing at the staff. Wink, wink, nudge, nudge.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we got this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is, there's gonna be trick.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and if it goes at all haywire, we just like kill everybody and try our best to, you know, force our way through, and you know we just do the we just do the the wellbeing method, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tm.
Mike Sackton: I don't think if it all goes super haywire, and they're like in prison. These kill these right now. I think we grab the rainbow bridge and flee, but I don't think it'll go that way.
Eric Rosenbaum: Only we had some kind of necklace that you could use to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I am so a seeker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Solid secret on this that we completely botched and picked the wrong thing. But whatever it's fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I'm invite.
Kate Sackton: 7 times.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just turn into a.
Kate Sackton: Fireball is so exciting, so many.
Mike Sackton: These guys are like advocer elemental mage people. They could cast much more powerful fireballs than us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Probably true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright! Let's do it! Let me.
Mike Sackton: Let's go to dinner.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We got this.
Tim Sackton: Okay, sounds great.
Tim Sackton: You all head across the courtyard to dinner.
Tim Sackton: You walk into the into the sort of dining hall area, and it's a it's a relatively quiet
Tim Sackton: enter. There's
Tim Sackton: the guy who's introduced as Bronak Meraov is
Tim Sackton: a sort of striking, maybe young, middle aged man.
Tim Sackton: wearing
Tim Sackton: sort of elegant furs over
Tim Sackton: like, lined with a a cloak, elegant cloak lined with furs. Dark skin like a striking appearance, handsome.
Tim Sackton: and he's sitting at the head of the table
Tim Sackton: as just him
Tim Sackton: place sets for 6. So the 5 of you plus him, and then in the corner.
Tim Sackton: sort of crouch, not
Tim Sackton: sort of sitting at like a desk, like a secretary, or something like taking notes. Is a
Tim Sackton: A younger man sort of almost like mousey, shy looking, wearing a
Tim Sackton: a, a hood that sort of pulled mostly over his face, much less nice clothes.
Tim Sackton: But it's basically just seems to be you and and Brannock.
Tim Sackton: Except for this, this secretary, or so obviously like somebody, is recording what happens at these things. And
Tim Sackton: you know, keeping notes like the guys gotta scroll out and is like, you know, clearly writing stuff down. This is not a secret conversation.
Tim Sackton: but he stands and he looks you over, and
Tim Sackton: jester's view to sit, and says.
Tim Sackton: Welcome, friends.
Tim Sackton: it is a pleasure to meet you.
Tim Sackton: He snapped his fingers. And
Tim Sackton: Just kind of levitating out from the door.
Tim Sackton: There's several. There's 2 serving platters. Maybe they're carried by some invisible feature
Tim Sackton: bounding.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can't tell what's the invisible.
Mike Sackton: I have to use magic.
Tim Sackton: And he's looking you over. He like looks carefully at each one of you for maybe 15 or 20 s.
Tim Sackton: I'm
Tim Sackton: spends another 10 or 15 s staring at Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: and then says, Please be seated.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And Tim.
Tim Sackton: He is
Tim Sackton: Significantly higher level than you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, shit
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: significantly.
Mike Sackton: OJ. Twentieth of a wizard!
Tim Sackton: He's a wizard.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fuck.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Pull.
Tim Sackton: He is. He is like calm.
Tim Sackton: mildly curious.
Tim Sackton: you know, eager to see where this conversation.
Tim Sackton: It's something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It sounds like he might be the most powerful wizard we've ever met.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is he more powerful than festo.
Tim Sackton: We.
Tim Sackton: Fausto was also significantly higher level than you were, but you were only eighth level when you met him.
Tim Sackton: So this guy might actually be higher up, a little.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Up, ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: Take him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cool.
Tim Sackton: But Fausto is probably leveled up a few times since he met him before. So
Tim Sackton: Please eat
Tim Sackton: thumb.
Tim Sackton: Hope the journey was not too difficult.
Tim Sackton: I hope your accommodations are
Tim Sackton: to your liking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They've been wonderful.
Tim Sackton: Let us be refreshed
Tim Sackton: before we talk business.
Tim Sackton: and the unseen servant goes around pouring
Tim Sackton: wine for everybody.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's just do the.
Tim Sackton: Garlic and wine imported from the South at great cost. The best there is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wonderful. Thank you for the hospitality.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, so he's just curious. He's not threatening in any way.
Tim Sackton: No, not threatening. He I mean, he's quite confident in his own hours, right like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's what's he look like again?
Tim Sackton: He is
Tim Sackton: here.
Tim Sackton: He's like
Tim Sackton: sort of a
Tim Sackton: I don't know. Dark skin like
Tim Sackton: short, curly black hair.
Tim Sackton: handsome, elegantly dressed.
Tim Sackton: kind of an elegant person all around would be the sort of first your first
Tim Sackton: impression of him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So Kenzo is experiencing like 2 feelings with this dude one. He like kinda hates the elite, like, you know, it's kinda like this Cardonian like energy about it that but also is really intrigued by like, how powerful this guy is, and it's sort of like shit. This is pretty cool and but I think he overall like is like likes this guy, and is excited to, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: looking forward to chatting.
Tim Sackton: So he seems he clearly seems like he wants to make sure you have food, and, like have a good time, you know. Have
Tim Sackton: have a nice meal before he gets down to business. So there's some just kind of small talk, and he's interested in your stories, and
Tim Sackton: you know, clearly trying to
Tim Sackton: gauge a little bit about like what you've done and what you're capable of through the course of the conversation.
Tim Sackton: which you can be straight, or you can boast, or you can try and hide what you can do, but
Tim Sackton: I assume you're just pretty straight with him.
Mike Sackton: M.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tell about killing the White Dragon and all that stuff.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: We try to be modest, but we get excited about things.
Tim Sackton: A a after a couple of courses, and and you know the conversation is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, and Tim, does he ever look at my staff?
Tim Sackton: He he started at for like 15 or 20 s when you first, when you first looked at all of you.
Tim Sackton: But he hasn't commented on it.
Tim Sackton: As the A after the meals gone on for about half an hour, and and you sort of had your
Tim Sackton: small talk in your food.
Tim Sackton: let us talk business.
Tim Sackton: Of course
Tim Sackton: there are many dragons that one could kill
Tim Sackton: if interested. But
Tim Sackton: why come to us? Specifically.
Tim Sackton: I'm.
Mike Sackton: Dela Delphos start
Mike Sackton: got well.
Mike Sackton: I'm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And sorry this is stepping back.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm just.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Should we tell him the story of Akada and the Polly like how much
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): backstory is worth sharing there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): or is it as simple.
Kate Sackton: But in the wet.
Mike Sackton: I don't think we have like time to like
Mike Sackton: A conversation about it right?
Mike Sackton: Well, we can decide what he wants to say.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Dallas will start with a little bit of sort of
Mike Sackton: graceful heming and hawing.
Mike Sackton: but
Mike Sackton: ta! But but having it hung in the direction of. We heard that you were
Mike Sackton: particularly
Mike Sackton: in need of help.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe need is, maybe a need is too strong a word, maybe. You know.
Mike Sackton: In, not in need of help exactly, but in in
Mike Sackton: a situation where you might be
Mike Sackton: willing to offer more than other Rodia might, because you are in more desperate streets.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And maybe we say more like maybe it's more like you know, cause he's pretty fucking powerful, and I'll.
Kate Sackton: Okay, guys
Kate Sackton: try saying, you know.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, well.
Kate Sackton: How about something along the lines of
Kate Sackton: although.
Kate Sackton: yeah, the mysteries of the of the Rodney are
Kate Sackton: reasonably well kept secrets.
Kate Sackton: We find this.
Kate Sackton: What we do know of your house to be the most impressive.
Kate Sackton: and think that you ought to be
Kate Sackton: seen as amongst the most impressive houses among your own people.
Mike Sackton: I mean, that's not what dealt with is saying. President can say that.
Kate Sackton: Well.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can't have conversations about what you wanna say, because you're sitting at a dinner table.
Kate Sackton: Well, he can say what he's he can say. We can all say our own things. He can say you're prophetic, and I can say you're cool.
Kate Sackton: and we can see whether the guy like.
Mike Sackton: And the.
Kate Sackton: We've been insulting and polite.
Mike Sackton: Della will also sort of glance over at
Mike Sackton: rise. Staff.
Mike Sackton: not rise. Stuff
Mike Sackton: Kenza's staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's the student's name? Again?
Tim Sackton: Brownek.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Run it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ronnick, where.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: very impressed by
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this dwelling and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: by your obvious abilities as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: given our
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: experiences
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and our collective abilities.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perhaps we may be of use.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There may be a useful way that we can
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: work together in mutually beneficial ways.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Will be, leans forward to say.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): my friends all speak the truth.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but you know that my people are traders.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and at the heart of it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We're here hoping to make a trade.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We think you might have something that we want.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and we think
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and have long sought for.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and we think that we may be able to do something for you
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that could help you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All said, well, do.
Tim Sackton: What is it that you want.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hug
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a glance over at somebody else. Ken Kenza, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think, Kenza Kenza. Well, first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do you believe that we may be of service to you?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are there ways that we may be in service to.
Tim Sackton: I have heard your stories.
Tim Sackton: I've seen what you carry.
Tim Sackton: Those are no small
Tim Sackton: trinkets that you bear.
Tim Sackton: Believe you are capable of a great many things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We indeed we are.
Mike Sackton: We are looking for the missing pieces of one of these trinkets.
Mike Sackton: you know. It's like whatever we get.
Tim Sackton: And the simplicity.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fuck.
Mike Sackton: Or not, I mean playing on his work right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Yeah. No.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Mike Sackton: No small trinket, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And there gives an exasperated health.
Tim Sackton: I am a straight dealer.
Mike Sackton: It is
Mike Sackton: dealt with a sort of nod at that.
Mike Sackton: difficult sometimes to know
Mike Sackton: who is a straight dealer.
Mike Sackton: We are looking for
Mike Sackton: something we believe you have.
Mike Sackton: I'll point over it
Mike Sackton: the staff
Mike Sackton: a piece.
Tim Sackton: He looks for a long time.
Tim Sackton: Kenza's staff.
Tim Sackton: I'm not ask how you come to this knowledge, for I fear I may not like the answer.
Mike Sackton: Do you know what it is?
Tim Sackton: No one off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But knowledge.
Tim Sackton: You know it is valuable
Tim Sackton: and rich in magic.
Tim Sackton: and heavily guarded.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Heavily guarded here.
Tim Sackton: The.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What can we offer you
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that meets its fair value?
Tim Sackton: It is something I would be
Tim Sackton: reluctant to part with.
Tim Sackton: Well, it still has secrets to reveal.
Tim Sackton: If there is something that we cannot accomplish.
Tim Sackton: despite our skill, that you
Tim Sackton: apps might
Tim Sackton: do. Any of you have some
Tim Sackton: skill with healing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Even those who have passed into the land of the dead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In particular. Yes.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Seems to be considering.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because it can reincarnate also using his feet.
Tim Sackton: It pauses for a moment and
Tim Sackton: casts a spell, and he seems to be casting a spell.
Tim Sackton: Mountain.
Tim Sackton: What is the?
Tim Sackton: There's a I forget what it's called. But I think Dalwith and Sikor both recognized that this is like some spell that
Tim Sackton: that blocks crying and prevents
Tim Sackton: any kind of magical
Tim Sackton: eavesdropping
Tim Sackton: in an area.
Tim Sackton: You must agree
Tim Sackton: to this task
Tim Sackton: before I tell you the details.
Tim Sackton: It is something I believe you can do, and if you are successful.
Tim Sackton: I will trade you this piece that you seek.
Tim Sackton: but the knowledge I am to reveal cannot leave this room.
Tim Sackton: and you must be committed to its solution
Tim Sackton: before I tell you the problem.
Tim Sackton: This is not information that would normally reveal to outsiders, but we have
Tim Sackton: no way of solving this
Tim Sackton: problem on our own.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We assume, but you.
Mike Sackton: Nice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Offering this, that this is what the offer is.
Tim Sackton: It is what the offer is. You may
Tim Sackton: go back to your room
Tim Sackton: and enjoy our hospitality for as long as you like, and leave without the thing you seek.
Tim Sackton: or you may agree to this quest and hear what I'm about to say.
Tim Sackton: and should you return alive.
Tim Sackton: leave with the jade piece.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We appreciate your interim.
Tim Sackton: That is for you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Guys was like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Appreciate your directness
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): done.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's true.
Tim Sackton: May have heard
Tim Sackton: the cause of our downfall.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes.
Kate Sackton: Well, not
Kate Sackton: clearly.
Tim Sackton: What is
Tim Sackton: little known. Well.
Tim Sackton: you have not heard the story clearly. There was a
Tim Sackton: bad
Tim Sackton: dragon attack last winter.
Tim Sackton: We have long argued that
Tim Sackton: earth cannot remain hiding behind its walls, and must meet
Tim Sackton: the challenges of the north head-on on the battlefield in order to protect our people
Tim Sackton: more rely on
Tim Sackton: the magical wards that guard us, the greater the toll on our citizens.
Tim Sackton: and more chunks of their lives disappear.
Tim Sackton: and we have always believed
Tim Sackton: the best defense is a good offense.
Tim Sackton: So when
Tim Sackton: particularly
Tim Sackton: challenging dragon
Tim Sackton: arose in the north.
Tim Sackton: seeking
Tim Sackton: 2
Tim Sackton: steal the magic of Ersk last winter
Tim Sackton: it was
Tim Sackton: our people who led the charge
Tim Sackton: to defeat this dragon who led
Tim Sackton: the wizards of Ersk North.
Tim Sackton: and are people who failed in this quest.
Tim Sackton: that in and of itself would have not been the disaster that unfolded.
Tim Sackton: Accept that
Tim Sackton: head
Tim Sackton: of our bloodline
Tim Sackton: felt he must rest.
Tim Sackton: make restitution for this mistake. Personally.
Tim Sackton: there we are.
Tim Sackton: secret spells of elemental manipulation
Tim Sackton: at
Tim Sackton: are forbidden for good reason and for their danger is too great to use them.
Tim Sackton: containing the full power power of the elemental
Tim Sackton: lane of fire within one person. Even the strongest wizard
Tim Sackton: is not something to be done lightly.
Tim Sackton: though.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Tim Sackton: If you wish to burn an ancient white dragon from the sky.
Tim Sackton: there's little more powerful magic that you could choose.
Tim Sackton: Our leader
Tim Sackton: went
Tim Sackton: to destroy this dragon by himself.
Tim Sackton: and rectify
Tim Sackton: the errors
Tim Sackton: his followers had made in their failure.
Tim Sackton: and he summoned this power.
Tim Sackton: and he burned the dragon from the sky, and burned himself, too, in the process.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Now we are left
Tim Sackton: leaderless.
Tim Sackton: disgraced.
Tim Sackton: and on the verge of subjugation to the other, Rania
Tim Sackton: suffering the fate of the watchers, perhaps
Tim Sackton: become the army of
Tim Sackton: Ersk. Without our own voice on the councils
Tim Sackton: there is a way
Tim Sackton: that we can save him.
Tim Sackton: but before his spirit can be returned to his body. The elemental fire that still burns in his chest
Tim Sackton: must be quenched.
Tim Sackton: and the only place that this can be done
Tim Sackton: is frost foul.
Tim Sackton: The elemental plane of ice.
Tim Sackton: There are portals beneath our castle
Tim Sackton: that can take you to this place
Tim Sackton: must bring his body.
Tim Sackton: and when the fire is quenched.
Tim Sackton: raise him from the dead.
Tim Sackton: When you return our leader to us alive.
Tim Sackton: we will grant you this thing you seek.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Done.
Mike Sackton: Do they do? They have his body here.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, not in the dining room.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, that's the other part of the quest. It's it's being held by 16 ancient dragons.
Eric Rosenbaum: The portals here
Eric Rosenbaum: in this building, you said to Frostville.
Tim Sackton: Behind the protections of our wards.
Eric Rosenbaum: By the way, is this place bigger on the inside than than out? Or is that just an illusion.
Tim Sackton: Laughs.
Tim Sackton: Space is not always what it seems.
Tim Sackton: but in fact.
Tim Sackton: it is the wall that is smaller than it appears.
Eric Rosenbaum: Man.
Eric Rosenbaum: a neat trick.
Tim Sackton: Sorry. The wall is bigger than it appears.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wall is bigger than it appears. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I've always wanted to see
Eric Rosenbaum: frost film.
Tim Sackton: My! Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: Place.
Eric Rosenbaum: Actually, Tim, have I heard that word for it? We know about elemental plan.
Tim Sackton: I mean you've heard many words for it. There's probably a dwarven word for it, and drink Korean word for it. But yes, you've heard of the elemental plain device. It's like the border realm between the plaintive air and the plate of water.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the Erskine restrictions on magic use would not apply. Once we're
Eric Rosenbaum: off this plane, I suppose.
Tim Sackton: I would not expect you to survive if you do not use the full might of your magical potential. No.
Tim Sackton: and I mean, like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Will not be completely unaided.
Tim Sackton: We can provide you
Tim Sackton: some protection from the cold, so you do not freeze immediately.
Eric Rosenbaum: Helpful.
Tim Sackton: You have
Tim Sackton: method, perhaps, to safely transport a body
Tim Sackton: that could also be provided, if necessary.
Eric Rosenbaum: Julie.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm.
Mike Sackton: Mean we could throw it in the hole.
Mike Sackton: but our whole kind of fall. I don't know if a body would fit like amongst all the cold.
Eric Rosenbaum: Depends what condition it's into. It's probably.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Especially if it's on fire, or something like.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Crisp. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Is on fire. An extra dimensional portal, in which we can store the preserved body
Tim Sackton: until he can be resurrected, perhaps would be useful to you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Definitely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Amazingly useful. Yes, incredibly.
Eric Rosenbaum: That would be useful to us. Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, we agree, and it's utility to us. Useful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Abby.
Tim Sackton: There are many challenges in fossil.
Tim Sackton: It's not just the cold you must be aware of.
Tim Sackton: Don't expect.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of us have a taste for the cold right.
Tim Sackton: You will all have a taste for the cold before you are back.
Eric Rosenbaum: One chat.
Tim Sackton: His.
Tim Sackton: It is unlikely you will meet
Tim Sackton: dragons.
Tim Sackton: but one must always be aware
Tim Sackton: the possible danger.
Tim Sackton: But you must be more concerned with
Tim Sackton: I'm not sure what to call them exactly. The
Tim Sackton: ice giants
Tim Sackton: constructs 20 feet high
Tim Sackton: of solid ice.
Tim Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: that can freeze you with a touch.
Tim Sackton: They will be drawn
Tim Sackton: to the fire.
Tim Sackton: wish to extinguish it.
Tim Sackton: but they are not what you must seek, because
Tim Sackton: 20 foot tall ice construct will
Tim Sackton: well
Tim Sackton: is likely to crush the body beyond any recognizability.
Eric Rosenbaum: In.
Tim Sackton: But you must seek. Are the frozen pools
Tim Sackton: cannot draw a precise map to them, but they shouldn't be too hard to find if you
Tim Sackton: follow the direction of the most intense cold that freezes your bones to the core.
Tim Sackton: and we'll find scattered around Frostville
Tim Sackton: pools of a liquid
Tim Sackton: so cold that anywhere else it would be. A gas
Tim Sackton: would float in the sky like air.
Tim Sackton: but in frostbite is chilled
Tim Sackton: to a liquid state.
Tim Sackton: and this is what you must find
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: pour on the burning flame that still
Tim Sackton: lives
Tim Sackton: within the chest of our leader.
Tim Sackton: He is dead. It will not
Tim Sackton: hurt him
Tim Sackton: any more than it is.
Tim Sackton: he has already suffered.
Tim Sackton: but once the flame is out, I urge you not to hesitate to
Tim Sackton: resurrect him.
Tim Sackton: for he will have magic to bring you back here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bottom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What threats may be faced.
Tim Sackton: Besides, the
Tim Sackton: ice constructs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tell us more.
Tim Sackton: Well.
Tim Sackton: perhaps the most dangerous thing is, as I mentioned, unless you are unlucky enough to encounter a dragon 20 foot tall.
Tim Sackton: monsters of pure ice.
Tim Sackton: But there are other things
Tim Sackton: Fab.
Tim Sackton: simplest to handle should be the pesky.
Tim Sackton: But for anything.
Tim Sackton: Babe
Tim Sackton: for for any of you, no challenge.
Tim Sackton: nice graphics.
Eric Rosenbaum: M.
Tim Sackton: Little creatures of ice that that fly around and talk.
Tim Sackton: More dangerous are the snow trolls.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay.
Tim Sackton: Only you had a fireball necklace.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Got a potion of gaseous form.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What the fuck guys.
Tim Sackton: Brisbane's high enough level. She can cast flame strike. That's better than fireball.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Kate Sackton: Like, why? Why do you.
Tim Sackton: This one has all sorts of good fire, spells.
Kate Sackton: Fire spells ken so.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I can reflater any of my spells.
Tim Sackton: That's true. Seeker can make any of his spells into fire.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay! Alright! Alright!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Describe well the dangers that we face.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): who are the friends and allies that dwell in this place.
Tim Sackton: He laughs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's everyone.
Tim Sackton: Perhaps if you are creatures of
Tim Sackton: ice yourselves, you might make some friends.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, he makes a long, significant look at Seeker, and then just shakes his head.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Go close.
Eric Rosenbaum: It.
Tim Sackton: If you are lucky.
Tim Sackton: there are some frost giants who dwell there.
Tim Sackton: and they may speak to you. Not all of them
Tim Sackton: are
Tim Sackton: by. Well.
Tim Sackton: let me rephrase that. All of them are violent, not all of them needlessly so.
Tim Sackton: And should you encounter
Tim Sackton: interlopers from the plane of air.
Tim Sackton: Jens, perhaps genies, they are likely to be allies to you
Tim Sackton: creatures
Tim Sackton: features that
Tim Sackton: grow from the snow and the ice. The
Tim Sackton: creatures of pure cold
Tim Sackton: are rarely worth speaking to for you, they will
Tim Sackton: almost always attempt to
Tim Sackton: crush the warmth out of you. Whenever they perceive warmth, they will
Tim Sackton: seek to extinguish it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why would there be interlopers from the planet? There.
Tim Sackton: Well, it is
Tim Sackton: frost ball is on
Tim Sackton: borders between
Tim Sackton: plains of air and water.
Tim Sackton: It is where those 2 planes meet
Tim Sackton: who is to say exactly
Tim Sackton: why.
Tim Sackton: Jen do what they do.
Tim Sackton: a genie, kind, inscrutable, and mysterious.
Tim Sackton: but
Tim Sackton: those of the plaintive error have always been the most
Tim Sackton: willing to speak at least.
Tim Sackton: and Densons, who are not of the plain of ice themselves, will not
Tim Sackton: feel threatened by your body heat.
Tim Sackton: It will not be drawn to extinguish
Tim Sackton: the fire that keeps you alive.
Tim Sackton: whereas the creatures of pure ice will
Tim Sackton: in all likelihood
Tim Sackton: see that as an intrusion that must be
Tim Sackton: crushed
Tim Sackton: and frozen.
Tim Sackton: maintain the pure beauty of ice in fossil.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps if we had some kind of fully enclosed ice ship in which to travel, we might
Eric Rosenbaum: mask our
Eric Rosenbaum: signature of warmth.
Tim Sackton: You have such a thing that would indeed be very useful.
Tim Sackton: We're very.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good at making things.
Mike Sackton: Is there any way we could get our ship here.
Tim Sackton: Even if you couldn't through the portal.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's funny cause that thing can be encased in ice.
Mike Sackton: Can't wait, can't we?
Mike Sackton: I thought we could travel through planes somehow with it.
Tim Sackton: You have not learned that trick yet. That was in
Tim Sackton: Somebody's one of your visions of your future.
Mike Sackton: And.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And.
Mike Sackton: Could we learn that? Could they teach us that trick.
Tim Sackton: In the next 24 h. No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why not?
Eric Rosenbaum: Her.
Mike Sackton: Know how to move a ship between planes.
Tim Sackton: That is.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's in.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's an interesting idea.
Tim Sackton: Challenge!
Tim Sackton: But I do not know how to begin to approach. That would require research
Tim Sackton: should you wish it, though
Tim Sackton: alone of a
Tim Sackton: flying carpet might not be out of the question.
Eric Rosenbaum: Large is a flying carpet.
Tim Sackton: Most are small, but
Tim Sackton: one that 6 could ride upon might
Tim Sackton: be available.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I could
Eric Rosenbaum: transform my
Eric Rosenbaum: wall of stone to wall of ice.
Eric Rosenbaum: and construct a kind of.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ice, vehicle.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, that's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Port on the carpet.
Tim Sackton: That was out for 1 h, but
Tim Sackton: it would give you an hour.
Mike Sackton: Wait, does it? Doesn't it become permanent if you concentrate.
Tim Sackton: Oh, right! If you concentrate.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can.
Tim Sackton: It could. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I'll make a kind of icebox.
Tim Sackton: And might be lighter cold inside, but but.
Mike Sackton: But gonna be protected from cold.
Eric Rosenbaum: So
Eric Rosenbaum: we'll have to give it some name that's inspired by the industry.
Kate Sackton: British Journal.
Tim Sackton: If this is.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's just like a mini.
Tim Sackton: If this is acceptable to you, I will give you the evening plan.
Tim Sackton: and let us meet in the morning
Tim Sackton: to discuss
Tim Sackton: and outfit you for your journey. The sooner you can leave
Tim Sackton: the better.
Eric Rosenbaum: One last question, are the local wildlife vulnerable to attacks of heat and fire? Or is there some other way? That's better to hold them off.
Tim Sackton: Some are. Some are particularly susceptible to fire.
Tim Sackton: The ice trolls, for example, you want to make sure that you
Tim Sackton: burn them as frequently as possible to prevent the
Tim Sackton: ice from regrowing and regenerating
Tim Sackton: as they absorb the cold
Tim Sackton: plane of frost. Foul.
Tim Sackton: but not all are
Tim Sackton: frost giants take no
Tim Sackton: special heat of flame. For example, should you find yourself in battle with them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Any longer.
Eric Rosenbaum: Helpful information.
Tim Sackton: Better than anything else you might
Tim Sackton: have. I would not suggest, for example, attempting anything
Tim Sackton: cold related.
Tim Sackton: as that would surely fail.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I have a question for you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not related to our quest, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if it saw, if anybody has any other questions related to the past.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How did you come upon the jade.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: It was found
Tim Sackton: in the north.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But whom?
Tim Sackton: Not
Tim Sackton: matter by whom
Tim Sackton: it was brought. Here. After an attempted theft
Tim Sackton: for safekeeping.
Mike Sackton: An attempted theft.
Mike Sackton: Somebody else seeking these things.
Tim Sackton: Man who found it
Tim Sackton: tried to destroy it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know what.
Tim Sackton: Not think he is quite right in the head.
Tim Sackton: claimed it, gave them bad dreams.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you know what kind of dreams.
Tim Sackton: Strange dreams of distant places, and
Tim Sackton: long ago times.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are these dreams recorded? Someplace written down.
Tim Sackton: Why do you ask?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've also had strange dreams.
Tim Sackton: Perhaps that is the fate of all who
Tim Sackton: come close to these pieces.
Tim Sackton: Possess them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let me speak to this man.
Tim Sackton: Is not close.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is he
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: one of your kind?
Tim Sackton: No longer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is he shunned? Brad.
Tim Sackton: He is living a simple life as a woodsman.
Tim Sackton: It is what suits him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perhaps when we complete our quest
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you might be able to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: up with an introduction.
Tim Sackton: You return here successfully.
Tim Sackton: I am sure
Tim Sackton: I am sure that
Tim Sackton: with our
Tim Sackton: leader resurrected, he will grant you whatever boon you wish.
Tim Sackton: It is to speak with this man that will be arranged.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Last couple of questions
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: since you've had it in. How long have you had it in your possession? That piece.
Tim Sackton: Years, now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Has anyone else come seeking it?
Tim Sackton: And have smiles.
Tim Sackton: You are a unusual group.
Tim Sackton: If you come
Tim Sackton: directly
Tim Sackton: to our headquarters to
Tim Sackton: offer their services as Freelance adventurers in exchange for treasure.
Tim Sackton: and none have come asking for this particular thing
Tim Sackton: as the thieves well.
Tim Sackton: should one have attempted it.
Tim Sackton: their ashes would be sitting at the bottom of the lake, and I would
Tim Sackton: not care to speak of what they
Tim Sackton: hoped to accomplish.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They're worth ease.
Tim Sackton: Are always thieves. What they seek is, if not my concern.
Tim Sackton: I'm saying
Tim Sackton: no one ever cares what thieves seek, because they all end up, burned to a crisp at the bottom of the lake.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And understood
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: last question.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 2 more questions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have you tried to do anything with the hand with the piece? So I would say, and the piece.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, will not speak of our secret research.
Tim Sackton: Not now, anyway.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Finally.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know what it is.
Tim Sackton: As I said, I know enough
Tim Sackton: to know its value.
Tim Sackton: I am sure there are mysteries still to reveal, and I suspect that
Tim Sackton: there may be things, you know, that I don't given that. You seem to carry 2 of its
Tim Sackton: mates.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Upon completion of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this quest. I hope we can have a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: candid conversation and share knowledge.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: our interest, my interest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and these pieces
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: connects to something bigger that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perhaps me a big concern of all this stuff that perhaps may be a concern of us all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perhaps we can talk more about this
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with your lead of return, and revived.
Tim Sackton: Apps, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright!
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: as dinner winds up
Tim Sackton: a new return. There's couple more things I want to do before we end for tonight. I think we have time.
Tim Sackton: So you go back to your quarters?
Tim Sackton: you can sort of think about
Tim Sackton: or discuss at some point what you like. Like, you said. They'll give you magic items to resist the extreme temperatures and also flying carpet that you could fly on.
Tim Sackton: I'm
Tim Sackton: that's
Tim Sackton: that's all. In the morning.
Tim Sackton: Anything else you wanna do this evening.
Mike Sackton: I don't
Mike Sackton: think so.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So one more thing happens overnight
Tim Sackton: before we get back to the
Tim Sackton: there is
Tim Sackton: a cool
Tim Sackton: quiet.
Tim Sackton: you are.
Tim Sackton: I guess. Let's see, I don't know where everybody's sleeping but
Tim Sackton: Kenzo, and whoever's sleeping in the room, Kenzo's room are quietly
Tim Sackton: awoken. Somebody gently shaking your so shoulder somebody invisible. You can't see them, and there's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fuck!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who is it?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And who is it?
Tim Sackton: They're invisible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I know, but I still set them.
Tim Sackton: I think you have to be able to see to soul-site somebody.
Eric Rosenbaum: Man.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And, like all of my key.
Tim Sackton: The the voice whispers.
Tim Sackton: quick! Get your companions
Tim Sackton: or your safety and mine. You cannot know who I am.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But recognize the voice.
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Tim Sackton: quiet whisper.
Tim Sackton: Speaking
Tim Sackton: speaking well, let's see what language does
Tim Sackton: speaking, drank Koran.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, fuck
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do I trust them?
Tim Sackton: I don't know. Do you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do I? I mean, do I have any sense of them like, is it? You know? Again I'm I'm like lose using all of all of my my.
Tim Sackton: They sound.
Tim Sackton: my son
Tim Sackton: quite nervous.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It sound quite nervous. They're speaking in Draconian. Do I recognize the accent.
Tim Sackton: I mean drank. Orient is like Latin, right? It's like nobody.
Tim Sackton: It's mostly a written language. The accent is very different than what you learned in Chardon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who's in the room with me.
Tim Sackton: I don't know who is in the room with Kenzo
Tim Sackton: Seeker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like he's usually at all the.
Tim Sackton: Me!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Definitely not the health.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, well be. But Schwartz is not back yet, so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, shoot!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I tell Schwartz, or I tell well, be to telepathically tell everybody else what's happening.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And I do exactly that. What's happening.
Tim Sackton: Invisible person just woke up Kenzo by shaking him on the shoulder, and said
Tim Sackton: in drank Orion.
Tim Sackton: quick! Get your companions, and also for your safety in mind. You cannot know who I am.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And well be, I just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of spent all of my intuitive key
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: trying to figure out if I could trust this person or not they seem nervous.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And yeah, and I just tell you, well, be
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: invisible, Guy, speaking Draconian drunk or in. Let everybody else know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you want us to leave the room.
Tim Sackton: And stay here. Get get the rest of your companions here as quietly and as quickly as you can.
Tim Sackton: You only have a few minutes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wealthy.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do.
Kate Sackton: Sneak, in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Summer party in Kenza and Waldies.
Tim Sackton: Switches to
Tim Sackton: when he sees Dalith come in, he switches to elfish.
Tim Sackton: but the rest of you speak elvish.
Tim Sackton: or is, which is the sylvan? Is this better.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes.
Tim Sackton: Cannot see.
Eric Rosenbaum: It.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I speak that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sylvan. Okay, I see, speak languages.
Kate Sackton: With it.
Tim Sackton: Perhaps one of you can translate in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Go ahead!
Tim Sackton: And Mari, do you speak?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And Marty. Yes, go ahead.
Tim Sackton: There is
Tim Sackton: much you don't know about
Tim Sackton: Runevo vocners.
Tim Sackton: I know what you seek.
Tim Sackton: I can get it for you.
Tim Sackton: I am
Tim Sackton: trusted.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Trusted, by whom?
Tim Sackton: Do this thing.
Tim Sackton: Do not believe it will be good for Ersk.
Tim Sackton: Well, it will
Tim Sackton: his size.
Tim Sackton: How much do you know about
Tim Sackton: keep forgetting his name, the vampire.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not fuck.
Kate Sackton: Yeah. Vampire guy. We got it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Pasta correct.
Kate Sackton: No, no! The neighboring van.
Tim Sackton: On cloud.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Lord! Big baths!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not much.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's the what's the most important things to know about them?
Tim Sackton: Is clearly like super nervous.
Tim Sackton: I am taking a huge risk, trusting you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You're asking us to take a huge risk.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It goes both ways.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: I know.
Tim Sackton: Listen.
Tim Sackton: Rodney Kinsell
Tim Sackton: has never cared much for the people of Ersk
Tim Sackton: is negotiating a peace deal
Tim Sackton: with Roger von Glauer that I am sure
Tim Sackton: will include
Tim Sackton: regular sacrifices to feed his growing vampire armies.
Tim Sackton: We cannot stop this
Tim Sackton: not right now, anyway.
Tim Sackton: and Branck does not intend to stop
Tim Sackton: cares only about
Tim Sackton: keeping the
Tim Sackton: secret elemental knowledge of our
Tim Sackton: order alive and
Tim Sackton: resurrecting. His dear leader.
Tim Sackton: got us into this mess. In the first place.
Tim Sackton: there's a reason this magic is forbidden, and if he had
Tim Sackton: well, if he would cooperate.
Tim Sackton: but Dragon could have been killed in other ways.
Tim Sackton: There is a group of us.
Tim Sackton: Can I tell you who?
Tim Sackton: Because if you don't
Tim Sackton: listen.
Tim Sackton: you don't care.
Tim Sackton: All I can do is vanish silently into the night, and
Tim Sackton: hope that if you say anything to Branagh, he
Tim Sackton: ignores you, or treats you as foolish, or doesn't believe you, or perhaps that you won't say anything to him.
Tim Sackton: There is a group of us that is prepared to
Tim Sackton: lay claim
Tim Sackton: to the Rodney and vocalist, bloodline
Tim Sackton: and reposition ourselves as the
Tim Sackton: guardians of the people of earth.
Tim Sackton: and stop this deal.
Tim Sackton: Do not believe the other, Rodney
Tim Sackton: understand? Well.
Tim Sackton: course they would understand if they thought about it. I don't believe they've thought.
Tim Sackton: but the implications of making peace with a vampire who will never die.
Tim Sackton: We will help and never die.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't think you think they've thought about that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That seems like a significant thing to consider.
Tim Sackton: Decisions in Ersk are not made in the way you think they might be made. In other places
Tim Sackton: there is consensus always.
Tim Sackton: It is not reached
Tim Sackton: from
Tim Sackton: lengthy deliberation and discussion.
Tim Sackton: it is reached because there is a pecking order.
Tim Sackton: Those at the top dictate the consensus
Tim Sackton: do not wish Kinsell to dictate the consensus that we
Tim Sackton: turn our western border over to this vampire.
Kate Sackton: We can only be in this place for a very short time.
Kate Sackton: We're talking about
Kate Sackton: completely restructuring your country.
Kate Sackton: I'm talking.
Tim Sackton: About you killing a vampire.
Kate Sackton: You want to give us a different quest?
Kate Sackton: Then our
Kate Sackton: posed.
Kate Sackton: Please
Kate Sackton: sneak through the frost world.
Kate Sackton: Come out in the vampire world till the vampire come back without having resurrected the leader.
Tim Sackton: You have
Tim Sackton: teleportation magic available to you.
Eric Rosenbaum: We name.
Tim Sackton: You do this, you must leave in the next 10 min.
Tim Sackton: Why is that teleport
Tim Sackton: out of this place.
Tim Sackton: and 2
Tim Sackton: the outskirts of the vampire's kingdom.
Tim Sackton: I will understand if this is
Tim Sackton: not what you wish.
Tim Sackton: You have a simple path to your goals in front of you. Well.
Tim Sackton: perhaps not so simple it involves traveling
Tim Sackton: through the frost fallen, resurrecting
Tim Sackton: a dead man consumed by elemental fire.
Tim Sackton: But you have a path before you.
Tim Sackton: I know it is a risk for you to
Tim Sackton: trust that I can help you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Here's the question. I actually, I love the idea of going and killing this vampire that this is a
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): this sounds excellent to me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's but
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we don't know that you can deliver on what you're saying.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We don't even know that
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): if we kill the vampire, then
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you don't need control of the rotten.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It doesn't matter whether or not
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the bloodline is resurrected, and even if you had control, if there's a pecking order, it doesn't seem like you could compel the other site.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What.
Eric Rosenbaum: And.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's not just a risk you're asking us to take
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a risk implies some knowledge of the odds.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This seems like blind fate.
Mike Sackton: There are some missing steps here, too.
Mike Sackton: We kill the vampire and then
Mike Sackton: return.
Mike Sackton: Meet you somewhere. Mysterious.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What do we mean?
Mike Sackton: Step!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean we could resurrect him and then kill the vampire. After.
Tim Sackton: that is a very, very
Tim Sackton: side, quest. Answer.
Tim Sackton: Let's just.
Mike Sackton: I was, I was thinking the same thing. What's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, so, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Outside exactly
Mike Sackton: at.
Mike Sackton: But
Mike Sackton: I'm curious as to answer to the question. And then what.
Tim Sackton: 2 things.
Tim Sackton: There are many
Tim Sackton: among the
Tim Sackton: our new vocals
Tim Sackton: who have taken this leader, this opportunity
Tim Sackton: to grow strong.
Tim Sackton: and we are
Tim Sackton: prepared.
Tim Sackton: We are ready
Tim Sackton: if you
Tim Sackton: bring back
Tim Sackton: tokens of the vampire.
Tim Sackton: He was once
Tim Sackton: one of the eyes of Venmof.
Tim Sackton: There were once 9, Rodia.
Kate Sackton: So the scandal will unsettle your government.
Tim Sackton: Most of the other. Rania
Tim Sackton: would prefer this threat were eliminated.
Tim Sackton: I know I'm asking you to trust me.
Tim Sackton: and there is little I can do to prove
Tim Sackton: that I can deliver on what I say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who are you?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Give us something?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why should we trust you?
Tim Sackton: Think.
Tim Sackton: Think about what I know.
Tim Sackton: You told anybody what your quest was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Hold anybody about your conversation with
Tim Sackton: on up.
Eric Rosenbaum: You're the scribe
Eric Rosenbaum: in.
Eric Rosenbaum: or someone who read the scribe's notes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you know our quest?
Tim Sackton: You what your quest was.
Tim Sackton: Go to the frost ball and resurrect the
Tim Sackton: a former
Tim Sackton: misguided.
Tim Sackton: dangerous.
Tim Sackton: tinkering with things that should not be tinkered with
Tim Sackton: head of this order.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are you a
Eric Rosenbaum: I used to be in, and
Eric Rosenbaum: is it easy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And inform.
Tim Sackton: Is, what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is this got a mage that we had said to everybody.
Eric Rosenbaum: Same one, not the same one we talked to it did. There's a different.
Mike Sackton: And the same one we talk to honestly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He's being watched. He's being watched earlier.
Mike Sackton: No! He cast an anti scry, spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The Secretary, right.
Kate Sackton: Remember there was a guy in a hood, Kenzie.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's why I was saying this correct? Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Describe. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: 2 questions.
Mike Sackton: so
Mike Sackton: we would just walk back into
Mike Sackton: this place and knock on the door
Mike Sackton: with the tokens from this vampire.
Mike Sackton: That seems to be what you're implying.
Mike Sackton: And why would we not just be in prison.
Tim Sackton: Everything goes according to plan.
Tim Sackton: I will be
Tim Sackton: waiting to greet you.
Tim Sackton: I will give you
Tim Sackton: this.
Tim Sackton: and he goes and reaches into his
Tim Sackton: his.
Kate Sackton: Visible lesson.
Eric Rosenbaum: Visibility.
Tim Sackton: And takes something out and puts it down. And you see what materializes little vial.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's that?
Tim Sackton: He's clearly like hesitating whether he should
Tim Sackton: mention this. It looks almost like a vile. It's like a vial of powdered stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Of course you must know that all of the Radya
Tim Sackton: locations are awarded against
Tim Sackton: teleportation and infiltration.
Tim Sackton: but we must also be able to
Tim Sackton: reach
Tim Sackton: the inner sanctum of our
Tim Sackton: way. One does it
Tim Sackton: teleportation, magic.
Tim Sackton: and stone
Tim Sackton: from the inside of the castle?
Tim Sackton: I am trusting you
Tim Sackton: by giving you this. I'm trusting you
Tim Sackton: not to just use this teleportation match. Claim to have.
Tim Sackton: Go steal what you're after, and leave all of us
Tim Sackton: a scramble in the aftermath.
Tim Sackton: But I am giving this to you as an assurance.
Tim Sackton: If I fail, at least you have a way to get what you came.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like insight. Check this guy, or is
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Cannot tell if he's lying to us or not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Seriously, can we all collectively inside.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead and test, chat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Things.
Mike Sackton: One other question.
Mike Sackton: why must we leave so urgently fast?
Mike Sackton: But I rolled a natural 20 on my inside check.
Tim Sackton: Here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whatever, no.
Tim Sackton: Okay, this guy is like Super. He's
Tim Sackton: or girl. But presumably it is. The scribe. Right? Is super nervous.
Tim Sackton: He's talking fast. He's like clearly, like
Tim Sackton: trying hard to convince you. He seems desperate.
Tim Sackton: but he doesn't seem
Tim Sackton: there's nothing about him that seems
Tim Sackton: what's the word untrue like he is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Deceptive. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not a trap.
Tim Sackton: Right. He's like scrambling to convince you in
Tim Sackton: a way that.
Tim Sackton: like he realizes he's not, you know he doesn't have.
Tim Sackton: He's asking a lot of trust right? But he's basically scrambling to convince you to meddle in Erskine politics for him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Very helpful, but.
Kate Sackton: In politics. I mean, this is what I thought our quest was gonna be is, we're a scrappy little outside house. Help us take on some neighboring menace to show that we're strong, and then the other houses will line behind us, and we'll become prominent. And this first guy was like, bring back my mentor. He's cool.
Kate Sackton: I don't. I wasn't at all impressed with the first quest offered.
Kate Sackton: So I love.
Eric Rosenbaum: Honestly like an alliance with vampires is just not a great idea. I think we could. We could help shut that down. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Yeah. And this guy, the first guy didn't say, help bring back my mentor so that we can prevent an alliance with vampires or so that we can do
Kate Sackton: good things for the
Kate Sackton: little people, or you know the
Kate Sackton: he just said, bring back my mentor because I like the status quo when I miss it.
Eric Rosenbaum: What was the thing about tokens? I didn't understand that part.
Tim Sackton: He explained. I didn't explain it, but he would have explained it the so the
Tim Sackton: vampire was once.
Tim Sackton: One of the watchers who used to be the ninth rod. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And when he betrayed them they were stripped of their
Tim Sackton: bloodline. But he still bared the vampire
Tim Sackton: bound to his coffin, and the key to his like resurrection. Vampire, resurrection. Ability is
Tim Sackton: one of the original symbols of the.
Mike Sackton: So we could prove we killed him because.
Tim Sackton: So you bring back that original.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeing.
Tim Sackton: Symbol. Isaac Venkov. Then vampire can't regenerate.
Tim Sackton: and you prove he's dead.
Mike Sackton: Again. Wh? Why does? Why do we have to do this like? Why can't we go in 4 h?
Mike Sackton: What's gonna happen in the next 5 min?
Kate Sackton: The 10 min thing is a little bit up.
Kate Sackton: Agree.
Tim Sackton: Perhaps a few hours is not a problem
Tim Sackton: before
Tim Sackton: you speak, Veronica. In the morning
Tim Sackton: you will not have the opportunity to vanish
Tim Sackton: after that.
Tim Sackton: or
Tim Sackton: Lidmilla comes to wake you for breakfast. You must be gone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can we still have a magic carpet.
Mike Sackton: Wait. We don't have any way.
Mike Sackton: am.
Mike Sackton: but
Mike Sackton: can't we? Just
Mike Sackton: I mean, we could. We could
Tim Sackton: The implication is like, once you meet with the guy, you're gonna be around Brannick until you step through the port.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. But then, can't we just
Mike Sackton: mean we have ways we could get back here.
Tim Sackton: Well, this guy doesn't know that he thinks. Once you step into the portal you're stuck until you resurrect, you could tell him that.
Tim Sackton: That's but that's the reason why he's telling you. You've gotta leave soon is that once you meet for breakfast you will be escorted until you step into the portal, and then you'll be stuck there until you resurrect the mage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Get out!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If we teleport into the vampire kingdom, how do we know where we're going, and how to find him, and how to kill him? And
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): on and on.
Eric Rosenbaum: To us like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do you have a map for us, or.
Kate Sackton: Run down.
Tim Sackton: Quick map of what we know. Yes,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Also. Is this a stealth mission, or we just kill everybody. There.
Tim Sackton: Anybody acts as a.
Eric Rosenbaum: From the.
Tim Sackton: Visitors to die.
Tim Sackton: I can draw you a map to reach the vampire's cat to reach
Tim Sackton: App
Tim Sackton: Rotor von Glouter capital
Tim Sackton: easily. If you have teleportation magic.
Tim Sackton: I believe you can get close.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's risky, I think, but doable.
Tim Sackton: Then you get.
Eric Rosenbaum: Red.
Tim Sackton: You need a safer passage.
Tim Sackton: Wouldn't item help an item from the location you need to teleport to, I believe, makes it easier. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Hmm! Wonder how
Tim Sackton: this
Tim Sackton: cannot get you quite
Tim Sackton: castle.
Tim Sackton: but I can give you some.
Tim Sackton: Dirt from the western border of earth.
Tim Sackton: I would get you at least halfway. There.
Kate Sackton: Elemental.
Tim Sackton: With a lot of aspects of China.
Kate Sackton: Certain stones.
Tim Sackton: Hey? That's hey! That's how teleport works. High, level mages.
Tim Sackton: seekers should carry around all sorts of little pieces of dirt and stone and things from all sorts of places.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, he's already got lots of pockets for this kind of stuff.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, because.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Full of this already, with.
Tim Sackton: I'm sure our secrets pockets are full of.
Tim Sackton: It's just you don't necessarily know which.
Eric Rosenbaum: And rocks.
Tim Sackton: Which interesting rock is from where. So you can 100% teleport. But you might not remember where you picked up that rock.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I think we should try to get as close to the castle itself.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like huddle up? Are are we doing this.
Mike Sackton: Last question.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Destabilizing governments is kind of our thing, but like is that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: One last question for this guy?
Mike Sackton: like?
Mike Sackton: Why.
Mike Sackton: why does he think his plan will work
Mike Sackton: like? Can you give us any hint?
Mike Sackton: But why he thinks this plan will actually work
Mike Sackton: like I'm all for killing a vampire
Mike Sackton: right and honestly giving us the way to secretly teleport into the inner sanctum and steal the jade makes me feel better about trusting him, cause if he fails like.
Mike Sackton: we could still.
Eric Rosenbaum: So just do that part. First, we.
Mike Sackton: Also, he's clearly trusting us, cause we could just do that.
Tim Sackton: Could just lead out.
Mike Sackton: But
Mike Sackton: but like.
Tim Sackton: Although, keep in mind if you secretly teleport into the inner sanctum, still the jade secret only has 10, you could rainbow Bridge out.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: because rainbow Bridge, rainbow Bridge goes across plains right.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: So that is one way we could get
Mike Sackton: out of the frost plane.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: wow, so.
Tim Sackton: Out.
Tim Sackton: I I mean, you definitely get the sense that he, you know
Tim Sackton: he's not giving you a straight answer to why this is gonna work because
Tim Sackton: he's desperate. But
Tim Sackton: you know, you basically pick up the you get the following from sort of pressing a little bit. One is that
Tim Sackton: So the sort of the the history of like of Erskine politics was that
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: long ago.
Tim Sackton: though you know it was like this.
Tim Sackton: Mara's mirror was really the dominant Rodney. They're the ones who developed this arcane ward that protects the cities of Ersk.
Tim Sackton: But after the great, you know, after a while, like they. You know, things were things stabilized and
Tim Sackton: there was a long period of time when everybody was just kinda happy and got along.
Tim Sackton: But in the past
Tim Sackton: 20 years or so, maybe 30 years.
Tim Sackton: Mara's mirror has grown reclusive and weird and
Tim Sackton: dedicated ever more to these like esoteric rights.
Tim Sackton: and that's left something of a power vacuum in Ersk, and the 2 Rodney, and that were the strongest, and prepared to fill it.
Tim Sackton: or Vocnaz and Kinsell
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: Vocners has always been the the best defense is a good offense. They're on the West, so they've always hated the idea of
Tim Sackton: just leaving the vampire. You know, a vampire kingdom, especially a vampire, who presumably has at least some magic
Tim Sackton: just sitting there.
Tim Sackton: and have always pushed. And this guy's sense, although again, you just have to trust him is whether that's true or not
Tim Sackton: is that that was the more popular opinion.
Tim Sackton: and he is convinced that
Tim Sackton: the other Rania were prepared to back a war to the West
Tim Sackton: until this disaster.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which disaster.
Tim Sackton: The whole mess up with the Dragon, where the
Tim Sackton: leader of. He also believes that the leader of vocners was too arrogant
Tim Sackton: and didn't want to ask for help and was trying.
Tim Sackton: He, the the previous leader, the guy who's burning up with elemental fire, was like doing all sorts of crazy, esoteric research.
Tim Sackton: Maybe a little too similar to seeker right. He wanted to find the one spell
Tim Sackton: that would just be like vampire dead.
Tim Sackton: Don't ask for help. Don't ally yourself with a whole bunch of
Tim Sackton: other, Rodney. Just
Tim Sackton: find the spell that you can cast, and then the vampire dies.
Tim Sackton: and then everybody loves
Tim Sackton: that? Obviously.
Tim Sackton: So that's one piece of evidence. He's convinced that the other Rania
Tim Sackton: would have supported a war
Tim Sackton: and only didn't, because
Tim Sackton: Faulkner has screwed up the fight against the dragon.
Tim Sackton: So he thinks that if that if he comes back with
Tim Sackton: with the vampire's dad that will
Tim Sackton: tipped the balance quite significantly. He also.
Tim Sackton: Clearly.
Tim Sackton: there's an opportunity
Tim Sackton: somebody else can claim
Tim Sackton: leadership of. I mean, there's Vauchna is in this sort of state of
Tim Sackton: of
Tim Sackton: kind of
Tim Sackton: hibernation, almost leaderless. But somebody could claim leadership. I mean, he won't tell you how that happens.
Tim Sackton: But that's what he's clearly planning is. Basically, he says that there's people who are ready.
Tim Sackton: Tube
Tim Sackton: claim the mantle of leadership of this Ranj
Tim Sackton: and the combination of that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Stop!
Tim Sackton: But but who won't?
Tim Sackton: Well, Kinsell is dominant because it because.
Tim Sackton: or exactly the problem that if
Tim Sackton: somebody.
Tim Sackton: if the If Kinsell succeeds in their negotiations with the vampire, and says, we've made peace.
Tim Sackton: And so, and Rodney Vocnaz, which is now seen this week.
Tim Sackton: you know, upends their leadership and claims they want war.
Tim Sackton: They're worried that
Tim Sackton: they'll just be decapitated, decapitated, and turn into the watchers.
Tim Sackton: Now.
Tim Sackton: again, this is his perspective on
Tim Sackton: Erskine politics.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: everything DM. Says doesn't have to be true. It's from the perspective of this one infancy.
Tim Sackton: But this is what what he's trying to convince you of is. Look if I could, just
Tim Sackton: if if the vampire were dead, if it was fade, accomplish that undercuts
Tim Sackton: Kinsell, and makes Vaughness look strong.
Tim Sackton: and most of the Rodney
Tim Sackton: happier with that speed of a face.
Mike Sackton: Gonna take credit is are we supposed to? Is is.
Tim Sackton: But yes, yes, yes, he is, gonna take credit.
Tim Sackton: but
Tim Sackton: completely unwilling to actually have anybody associated with vocners
Tim Sackton: attempt this mission, because if they fail.
Tim Sackton: that would be the end of the broad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait. So if we succeed, then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what happens? They they.
Tim Sackton: They succeed.
Tim Sackton: If everything goes according to his plan.
Tim Sackton: you come back with with these.
Tim Sackton: this watcher symbol symbol of the vampire.
Tim Sackton: He's
Tim Sackton: already carried out the coup
Tim Sackton: and claimed leadership of Rodney Vocna as he gives you the jade.
Tim Sackton: and then he marches to the other Rodney, and says.
Tim Sackton: Look, the new leadership of vocners has killed the vampire.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: This better than negotiating with?
Tim Sackton: Isn't this better than negotiation? You should trust us. We're back.
Tim Sackton: That's why he imagined.
Kate Sackton: And the philosophers basically were looking for something like this to happen like I got, like we, the original Intel
Kate Sackton: that we got from the
Kate Sackton: informational letter was like.
Kate Sackton: Brad, yeah, needs a big show of strength.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean.
Kate Sackton: Right? Right? Yeah, both.
Tim Sackton: So he gives you all this, and this conversation is, you know, been half an hour or something now, and he says
Tim Sackton: I cannot linger much longer.
Tim Sackton: I leave you these. You left the 2 vials.
Tim Sackton: and I,
Tim Sackton: unless you have any more questions for him, he's about to vanish and say.
Mike Sackton: Us, a.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know the.
Tim Sackton: Drew you a map.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are? Are you, Novia?
Tim Sackton: I
Tim Sackton: wish to see Ersk prosper.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Why, why do you speak? Drank Korean.
Tim Sackton: Wizards must learn all sorts of strange languages.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: by my say.
Tim Sackton: scribes are often called to translate as well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Course.
Tim Sackton: Leave you with these 2
Tim Sackton: teleportation tokens.
Tim Sackton: and I hope that you are gone in the morning.
Tim Sackton: You are gone, I will know.
Tim Sackton: but
Tim Sackton: I know I ask a lot.
Tim Sackton: and I will leave you to deliberate.
Tim Sackton: Few
Tim Sackton: wish to do so without
Tim Sackton: risk of eavesdropping.
Tim Sackton: Have any magic
Tim Sackton: believe I can mask, the casting of one spell.
Mike Sackton: Cast your past your
Mike Sackton: so empathy spell
Mike Sackton: there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Tim Sackton: And with that he vanishes, leaving you to make your decision before everybody goes to bed. So I know which adventure I'm writing for tomorrow. Next time.
Eric Rosenbaum: I
Eric Rosenbaum: I was already stinking, starting to think of our ice vessel
Eric Rosenbaum: loading on top of the Magic Carpet is kind of like Vw. Bust shaped basically like
Eric Rosenbaum: kind of hollow ice. Summary.
Mike Sackton: We should totally do both. No, not actually serious, but it's a little tempting, except I'm not sure if we should resurrect this guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we do it. Vampire.
Tim Sackton: The implication of Kenza's dream is, you're a little bit on a clock.
Mike Sackton: That's true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, like.
Tim Sackton: No better than to just give you endless side quests without some time pressure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: time.
Eric Rosenbaum: I would suggest, actually just going straight for the finger and busting out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I mean, right? It's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's only one choice here, right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like, aren't the vampires already like allied with poly on and stuff like in that whole thing? Aren't they kinda like figuring out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Go ahead!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, kind of.
Mike Sackton: Hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I I mean, we're making a reasonable assumption there, right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Boustow is definitely a Polyons bitch, and Boustow is like doing all kinds of vampire like werewolf shit right.
Tim Sackton: I was just making these chilight hunters. That's not. They're not vampires.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But doesn't he have the pandemonium.
Tim Sackton: Oh, he has the pandemonium scroll. Nobody's spied on, chartered recently.
Eric Rosenbaum: I would.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Whether it's still there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Our vampire's really bad. Maybe they've misunderstood.
Kate Sackton: Giant Bats.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Here's what I think.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): stopping a Polyon
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): is more important
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): than having the right leadership in Ersk.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): think it's a pretty short. Bet
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that if we can get to that pool of cold and back again and resurrect this guy.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): then we'll have the hand right like that's
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we feel reasonably confident that if we do the thing that can deliver on it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and I think we're less confident that if we do the vampire
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we can get the hand like. There's more uncertainty there.
Eric Rosenbaum: There, though, because they gave us the teleportation token to just grab it ourselves.
Mike Sackton: There's very little, as far as I can tell. Unless this guy is totally lying.
Mike Sackton: we can't use the teleportation thing twice, can we?
Kate Sackton: Now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not sure.
Mike Sackton: Okay. Is there enough material that we could teleport? I don't know. You can't cast teleport twice, can you?
Tim Sackton: So seeker can't cast teleport twice.
Mike Sackton: That's the problem.
Mike Sackton: What I'd really like to do is tell port to the inner sanctum proved that he wasn't lying to us.
Mike Sackton: And then. But I mean man, a game. He's obviously not lying to us. Tim isn't trying to set us up for failure here right like
Mike Sackton: but when you, but the real trust but verify thing would be teleport to the inner sanctum. Don't actually steal the thing. Just prove that we could, and then go to the vampires.
Mike Sackton: but
Mike Sackton: the the the vampires risk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sure, hey?
Mike Sackton: Right. It's that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The right thing to do, though I mean it's good to the right green sea
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): mean?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's good for international trade. It's good for political stability.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On the vampires.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I, yeah, like feeling the vampires feels like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: killing a potential, a polyon ally.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and also sort of like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, if we don't do it now. Is there some future where we're like? Oh, man, we had an opportunity to teleport until the fucking vet. You know, it's gonna be one of those things we're like later on, like later later on, we're like.
Mike Sackton: Plus.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why didn't we do that when we actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: So against the.
Mike Sackton: The vampire, being immune to charm, is super useful, and then we picked the right magic item.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice, nice, nice, nice also.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ersk is a good ally. If we.
Eric Rosenbaum: you know, we'll be suddenly friends with.
Mike Sackton: Where they'll descend into a global civil war.
Eric Rosenbaum: That could happen to.
Mike Sackton: And the dragons will overrun Ersk, and all we've done is empowered. The
Mike Sackton: ancient White Dragon.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I have a totally sound theory that Ersk has brought these dragons on themselves. Somehow. I know this is very like victim blaming.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's something going on there.
Eric Rosenbaum: It seems it does.
Mike Sackton: I think our ability to trigger incidental civil war should be underestimated.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wherever we go, it just happens somehow. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I think that just happens on its own. I don't think that's about us. I think that's just like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that is not us.
Mike Sackton: Eee.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I wonder if we can do that in chart, too, before the end.
Tim Sackton: How do you know you have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And don right
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: civil war, between whom, though pardon seems.
Mike Sackton: Fausto, and when Fausto tried to crash Chardon into the plane of pandemonium, the University finally got their act together, and was like, Wait.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Give a minute.
Mike Sackton: You can't do this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did they, though? I don't know. I'll feel like.
Mike Sackton: I don't know either, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They all feel like.
Kate Sackton: And dream.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So vampires.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think that's where we're headed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Empires.
Kate Sackton: Empires.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's like we could just steal the finger and leave. But
Eric Rosenbaum: it's not in characterize.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's not a good idea to go do the vampires.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but we should do it.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's the best option we have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, it feels like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's not the safest option we had.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): pet.
Eric Rosenbaum: I liked the plot twist, but.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In fact, it's the third safest option. The safest option is teleport and steel a shit. The second safest is, go resurrect the guy, and get it almost certainly, for sure. The third safest is go the vampires.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm not clear which quest is more dangerous, actually.
Mike Sackton: That.
Eric Rosenbaum: Frosts.
Mike Sackton: A.
Eric Rosenbaum: Messed, actually.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't not not.
Mike Sackton: When you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Us perspective, but like in
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): confidence that we'll get it.
Mike Sackton: A a wine carpet with a permanent wall of ice.
Mike Sackton: I don't think the frosting would be that hard.
Eric Rosenbaum: Should we should approach the vampire situation the same way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So okay? And just to be clear here. What's the the main ma, the main mage guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Brad Braddock, or whatever.
Tim Sackton: Brannick.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Reddit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Panic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He! He would be very upset
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to find out that we are now killing this vampire.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's true.
Kate Sackton: Yes. Right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, he would more be upset
Tim Sackton: to find out that you weren't resurrecting his dear master.
Mike Sackton: Sort of an implication that we accepted the quest.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fuck.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do we accept the quest on a particular timeframe, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is, my.
Mike Sackton: We have! What a hundred years!
Eric Rosenbaum: Doesn't make it just.
Mike Sackton: And stops working, or a year. I forget.
Tim Sackton: If you just wait till rizvin levels up to level 3 more times, then you have, like 200 years.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry. Sorry just to be just like again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just if we resurrect, if we do the thing, resurrect the guy
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that guy is trying to make a deal with the vampires, or is not trying to make a.
Mike Sackton: Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He's not trying to make a deal with others.
Kate Sackton: He's okay with the other.
Tim Sackton: He's not trying to fight against a deal with the vampires. He's basically just accepted that
Tim Sackton: vocners is in a period of.
Tim Sackton: There's the one faction is like, Okay, we lost. We're
Tim Sackton: just gonna rebuild our power base
Tim Sackton: and deal with the.
Tim Sackton: you know. Deal with the vampire. Let Kenzel deal with the vampires and not try and rock the boat.
Tim Sackton: The other's like screw this.
Tim Sackton: We're gonna use the vampires to regain our power.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Mean we could always leave a note and just say.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): be back shortly had to run a quick errand before the resurrection.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like in all seriousness, I think we should tell him. I think we should, before leaving, instead of just vanishing, we should be straight up and say, Hey.
Mike Sackton: Now, because if we tell him then he's gonna root out whatever.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: But it does.
Eric Rosenbaum: Figure it out. That could have happened anyway. But.
Mike Sackton: Could happen anyway. But.
Eric Rosenbaum: The one that we've gotten.
Mike Sackton: Could do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We can just leave a note that says we'll be back shortly.
Mike Sackton: Is we could
Mike Sackton: go to the frost plane
Mike Sackton: and then teleport.
Mike Sackton: Anyway.
Eric Rosenbaum: But.
Mike Sackton: It would be a huge distraction, because we'd have to use the Rainbow Bridge to go back to vintage Drana, which is far away and then fly to the vampire lands
Mike Sackton: right or now we could just no, no, no, we could just teleport right.
Tim Sackton: But once you use the Rainbow Bridge
Tim Sackton: to cross plans, you cannot use it again for 7 days.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: So if you do that
Tim Sackton: you'll have used teleport, and you'll have used the Rainbow Bridge. So you're stuck in the Vampire Kingdom for until you can get a long rest.
Mike Sackton: Correct.
Tim Sackton: No way.
Eric Rosenbaum: Agent, one.
Tim Sackton: So that's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hey! What? What could go wrong
Eric Rosenbaum: that way? We get to check on Faldrick also, which could be helpful.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: the upside is in theory right?
Eric Rosenbaum: And Baxter.
Mike Sackton: Now, the problem is
Mike Sackton: what happens when we
Mike Sackton: I mean, obviously, then, we have the dead body that's burning, that we have to do something with right, but like.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's true.
Eric Rosenbaum: We would be holding.
Mike Sackton: Hey? Can we leave the Rainbow Bridge actively.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can we put if we resurrected him? Could we immediately put him in the mirror?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He didn't, he.
Mike Sackton: Gets a save you probably make it safe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like is he resurrected with one hit point or 0.
Mike Sackton: It doesn't matter. He still gets the same. But hold on! Does the is the rainbow bridge from
Mike Sackton: mean? Does it stay right if we create it in another plane?
Mike Sackton: Can we go back and forth to that plane until we dismiss the Rainbow bridge.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not a one time.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And anything else go back and forth, though, if that's how it worked.
Tim Sackton: Yes, yes, you can go back, and it's it's not a it's not a. It's not key to you. As long as the bridge is active, anybody can travel on it.
Eric Rosenbaum: We had a lot of that.
Tim Sackton: So anybody from the plane of ice could just wander onto vineyards.
Eric Rosenbaum: Threat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But the frustrates. There are frustrates. There.
Eric Rosenbaum: We already have.
Tim Sackton: The coward.
Eric Rosenbaum: He!
Mike Sackton: Is a coward. Is that really? How the that's how the Rainbow Bridge works.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's not key to you. That's why you always dismiss it after you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, what I don't understand. Then in this, a whole scenario like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: why don't we go do what we said that we were? Gonna do the fucking ice missing right
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: get the get the hands. Because if the guy that we're resurrecting like doesn't care if we kill the vampires or not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then why don't we resurrect him, and then go fucking? Kill the vampire.
Mike Sackton: Well, cause we're gonna run at a time.
Mike Sackton: What time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How long is that going to take
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like a day?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're just. We're just flying over, and we're just like teleporting over to kill some vampires.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Pretty bloodthirsty battle, that's it, and we're out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do you remember how long we left rising in that town?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is not analogous at all. This is like, we're we're going. We're going in to kill some vampire leadership.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then like, why, like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if the internal thing in this little place is like, Oh, my God! Like we gotta kill the vampires we're like, oh, we're gonna be more relaxed about the vampire.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They're not
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: really at odds with each other
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in a civil war kind of way, right.
Kate Sackton: I guess. Arrogant fool alive! Arrogant fool! Dead.
Kate Sackton: maybe doesn't matter to us, so we could just alive him before we go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, why is this guy being so secretive again about this? Like he he wants cause. He knows that.
Tim Sackton: He's about to launch a coup.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Against, the.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: He wants to. So right now the Rodneyov is leaderless because the leader is dead. There's one faction that wants to resurrect the leader.
Tim Sackton: not rock the boat. And there's another faction that wants to.
Mike Sackton: Check, 2.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Launch a coup, basically appoint new leadership and rock the boat.
Tim Sackton: I think if you resurrect the don't rock the boat guy, it would make a coup basically impossible
Tim Sackton: is too powerful.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Think. Well, he's thinking back to his hassling trader days, and thinking that
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you know in most
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): in most kingdoms
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a contract can't be valid unless you know the terms that you're agreeing to like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a blind contract isn't enforceable, like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think there's an argument to be made that we shouldn't be held accountable to
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): follow through on the Resurrection Mission, because we
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): couldn't have known what we were agreeing to.
Mike Sackton: That was position is we should just do what's right doesn't matter what the contract says.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, well, you're anything else.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, well, let's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But what's what's right in this case?
Mike Sackton: The question is.
Mike Sackton: Della is struggling with the question of
Mike Sackton: is defeating a Polyon so important
Mike Sackton: that we should do the simplest. We should take the least risky path
Mike Sackton: within the bounds of morals. I was not quite willing to just steal the jade hand and leave.
Mike Sackton: but feels very strongly that going after the ice plane. Resurrection is going to be safer than going after the vampire.
Mike Sackton: And so the question is, do we.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why does he feel that way.
Mike Sackton: I don't know
Mike Sackton: just does, but it
Mike Sackton: it seems like an easier quest right
Mike Sackton: where I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Obvious to me at all.
Mike Sackton: But we don't have to defeat anything. We can hide the whole way. We're not trying to kill somebody in the heart of their layer. We're not trying to kill a creature that's definitionally immortal.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright! Alright! That's persuasive.
Mike Sackton: And
Mike Sackton: and we have strategies to hide from things we can run away
Mike Sackton: great.
Mike Sackton: It's fundamentally easier to get a powerful wizard into a pool
Mike Sackton: than it is to kill a vampire.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And agreed.
Mike Sackton: Right, and then, once he's resurrected, he can cast all kinds of crazy spells like
Mike Sackton: we have more.
Mike Sackton: Oh, if we had to retreat to Venezana we could retreat and try again.
Mike Sackton: because we could keep the bridge and defect like there's there's many ways in which it feels like an easier quest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, also, if we fuck up the thing with the vampire right? It's like we've now created enemies against everybody that's inside that is burning fire
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tower place like they don't not gonna like us anymore. Gonna be like, fuck this, yeah.
Mike Sackton: We could always teleport steal the thing.
Mike Sackton: I mean, if we screw up the quest with the vampire we could decide to steal the jade hand anyway, and then
Mike Sackton: but dealt with is basically struggling with the it feels more. It is better, for
Mike Sackton: it is better.
Mike Sackton: or
Mike Sackton: the humans. The right thing to do is to help out the air skins by killing the vampire. That's clearly the better choice.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it's just risky.
Eric Rosenbaum: Slower
Eric Rosenbaum: it it
Eric Rosenbaum: it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right? Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So do we take the path of less risk, because because quickly getting the jade hand and killing a polyatot is more important.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The the morally correct thing to do. Here, go resurrect the dude, do the thing that we said that we would do, because we already said that we were. Gonna do the thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bring the fucking dude back, and then go kill the vampires anyways, like just go fucking. Kill the vampires just because it's better to kill the vampires
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that.
Kate Sackton: Question, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then we get everything done.
Kate Sackton: So
Kate Sackton: 3 out of 4, 3 out of 5 kind of thing like if we spend 3 days versus 6 days getting this piece of the jade hand. Don't we still have, like another 4 months of tracking down some mermaid or something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right. Exactly. That's what I'm saying. It's like a couple days.
Kate Sackton: And I don't think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We'll kill something.
Kate Sackton: That much time pressure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright! We're going into the frost.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, wait. I didn't say that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we do both. I I really think we do both in this case.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like we go, we fucking rescue the day. It's gonna be.
Mike Sackton: Challenging to do both, because once
Mike Sackton: let me put it differently if we do both.
Mike Sackton: Once Kinzel makes a peace treaty with the vampire killing the vampire has totally different
Mike Sackton: implication.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because it's a battle against all of Earth, too.
Mike Sackton: It's like, are we? Even
Mike Sackton: it it
Mike Sackton: it feels like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like we.
Mike Sackton: Miss.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, so if we resurrect the dude, there's gonna be a peace treaty with the vampires. That's that's that's the deal. Oh, fuck that shit. Then let's go fucking. Kill the vampires. We can't let it. We can't let there be a peace treaty between Ersk and the vampires.
Tim Sackton: Implication is that there are emissaries of Kinzell
Tim Sackton: in the Vampire kingdom right now negotiating a piece.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh!
Kate Sackton: Which is why they were all like. Don't worry about the bats any day now.
Mike Sackton: And I. So there's time, price.
Eric Rosenbaum: If we it.
Mike Sackton: Now it it's not that I mean conceptually, we could go rid the world of a vampire, even if it
Mike Sackton: but the it would be considerably more destabilizing. And Ersk, I think, in some level. And this guy's not going to be successful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I see. Oh, then we should definitely go kill the vampires now, right we kill the vampires. Now let the queue happen, and then make sure that Erski is like strong and a strong ally when the bigger, like battle with the Polyn happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: That could matter. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cause if we do that, if we do the the fucking, resurrect the dude, and then they make peace with the vampires. Then that's gonna make Ersk hell. A week later on, when, like the big giant, you know.
Mike Sackton: De Dallas doesn't need convinced. I mean, Dallas is completely convinced. Killing the vampires, the morally correct thing to do. It's just.
Mike Sackton: is it worth the risk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: because we can still teleport in and take the fucking jade if we want
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like to do our like short term mission best of both worlds.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm not convinced. Let's go fucking. Kill the vampires.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hurt it.
Kate Sackton: Good.
Eric Rosenbaum: I really like this fork that Tim made for us, because there's no wrong answer. There's just all kinds of terrible things that could happen, and we we don't even know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you think sounds like that?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think they're
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): hugely more
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): possible unintended consequences from killing the vampire.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm thinking, back to our experience
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): in Denmark.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So our goal really is to is to destabilize earth. So we can ally with the ancient white Dragon.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right there there could be a hundred different outcomes of killing the vampire, and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we'll be
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): feels bad if we don't go do that like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think he would regret not
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): going and telling the vampire.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I think we're totally.
Mike Sackton: Hey!
Tim Sackton: Guy.
Tim Sackton: great.
Eric Rosenbaum: Speakers to.
Tim Sackton: I thought.
Eric Rosenbaum: Stick to bats, but.
Tim Sackton: April is vampire killing month.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amen!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's vampire dash killing, not vampire comma killing.
Tim Sackton: I guess we'll find out, won't we?